==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 125
|1960= 66
|1970= 40
|1980= 28
|1990= 16
|2000= 19
|2010= 14
|2020= 6
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 30, 2013 }}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 14 people, 7 households, and 4 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|82.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 8 housing units at an average density of {{convert|47.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 7 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the city was 37.5 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 35.7% were from 25 to 44; 21.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.1% male and 42.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 19 people, 11 households, and 4 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|115.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 11 housing units at an average density of {{convert|66.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 11 households, out of which 9.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 9.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 27.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 63.6% were non-families. 54.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.73 and the average family size was 2.50.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 15.8% under the age of 18, 21.1% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 31.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 280.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 220.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $13,750, and the median income for a family was $19,167. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $11,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,696. There are 25.0% of families living below the [[poverty line]] and 21.4% of the population, including no under eighteens and 100.0% of those over 64.

