==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 210
|1900= 493
|1910= 492
|1920= 500
|1930= 457
|1940= 413
|1950= 381
|1960= 317
|1970= 278
|1980= 324
|1990= 268
|2000= 216
|2010= 234
|2020= 183
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 234 people, 92 households, and 64 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|975.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|454.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 6.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 92 households, of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.4% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 42.5 years. 26.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.1% were from 25 to 44; 31.7% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 216 people, 94 households, and 62 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|887.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|455.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.46% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.85% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.85% of the population.

There were 94 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,938, and the median income for a family was $24,375. Males had a median income of $30,208 versus $16,364 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,203. About 13.8% of families and 22.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 39.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 22.2% of those 65 or over.

