==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 215
|1910= 181
|1920= 177
|1930= 130
|1940= 167
|1950= 140
|1960= 122
|1970= 109
|1980= 113
|1990= 120
|2000= 116
|2010= 86
|2020= 98
|estyear=2022
|estimate=103
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 23, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 23, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 86 people, 39 households, and 29 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|52.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|25.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 39 households, of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.6% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.55.

The median age in the city was 46.5 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.6% were from 25 to 44; 36% were from 45 to 64; and 15.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 116 people, 46 households, and 36 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|69.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.59% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 46 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 21.7% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 2.6% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,741. None of the population or the families were below the [[poverty line]].

