==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 1553
|1910= 1771
|1920= 1494
|1930= 1379
|1940= 1445
|1950= 1415
|1960= 1226
|1970= 1060
|1980= 1053
|1990= 1029
|2000= 1070
|2010= 919
|2020= 858
|estyear=2021
|estimate=837
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021">{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |website=Census.gov |publisher=US Census Bureau |access-date=17 July 2022}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="Census 2020"/>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,070 people, 444 households, and 305 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|449.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 504 housing units at an average density of {{convert|211.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 99.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.19% of the population.

There were 444 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.90.
In the borough the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 95.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $32,583, and the median income for a family was $40,147. Males had a median income of $30,189 versus $22,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,056. About 12.8% of families and 14.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.5% of those under age 18 and 6.2% of those age 65 or over.

The population of Mount Jewett includes a significant number of people with [[Sweden|Swedish]] ancestry.{{cn|date=September 2025}} Every August the town celebrates this history with their well-known "Swedish Festival" The August 2010 celebration was the 40th annual Swedish Festival in Mount Jewett and the 2021 celebration was the 50th, after the 2020 event was cancelled due to the global COVID-19 pandemic.

