==Demographics==
<!-- As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 549 people, 231 households, and 134 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|103.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 244 housing units at an average density of {{convert|45.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 78.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 10.93% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 37.34% of the population.

There were 231 households, out of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.6% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,321, and the median income for a family was $33,906. Males had a median income of $29,286 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,582. About 6.8% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 12.5% of those age 65 or over.
 -->
The [[United States Census Bureau]] initially defined the {{nowrap|North Washington CDP}} for the {{nowrap|[[United States Census 2000]].}}
{{Historical populations
|title  = North Washington CDP, Colorado
|type   = US
|align  = left
|source = [[United States Census Bureau]]
|2000|549
|2010|484
|2020|733
}}
{{clear}}

