==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 885
| 1920 = 1050
| 1930 = 830
| 1940 = 816
| 1950 = 1127
| 1960 = 1231
| 1970 = 1074
| 1980 = 1009
| 1990 = 935
| 2000 = 957
| 2010 = 910
| 2020 = 896
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 8, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Odessa, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Odessa%20town,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 14, 2024}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 910 people, 394 households, and 253 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1109.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 460 housing units at an average density of {{convert|561.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 394 households, of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.8% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the town was 50.8 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.6% were from 25 to 44; 31.3% were from 45 to 64; and 26.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 957 people, 405 households, and 268 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,170.9 people per square mile (450.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 472 housing units at an average density of 577.5 per square mile (222.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.94% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.25% of the population.

There were 405 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.6% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 27.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,038, and the median income for a family was $38,594. Males had a median income of $30,764 versus $20,357 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,461. About 7.9% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.8% of those under age 18 and 9.9% of those age 65 or over.

