==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 153
|1910= 417
|1920= 576
|1930= 499
|1940= 440
|1950= 426
|1960= 407
|1970= 307
|1980= 288
|1990= 251
|2000= 265
|2010= 286
|2020= 212
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 286 people, 110 households, and 73 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|175.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 124 housing units at an average density of {{convert|76.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 9.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 23.8% of the population.

There were 110 households, of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.6% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.18.

The median age in the town was 34.3 years. 26.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.8% were from 45 to 64; and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 265 people, 113 households, and 78 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|161.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|74.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.38% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.38% of the population.

There were 113 households, out of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,455, and the median income for a family was $38,000. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $16,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,533. About 10.4% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.5% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those sixty five or over.

