==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 300
|1910= 313
|1920= 373
|1930= 405
|1940= 329
|1950= 352
|1960= 352
|1970= 351
|1980= 338
|1990= 271
|2000= 198
|2010= 182
|2020= 150
|estyear=2021
|estimate=151
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 182 people, 72 households, and 52 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|910.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|395.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 72 households, of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.8% were non-families. 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the town was 42.3 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 198 people, 95 households, and 55 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 897.0 inhabitants per square mile (347.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 116 housing units at an average density of 525.5 per square mile (203.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 99.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 95 households, out of which 17.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.1% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 14.6% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 20.7% from 25 to 44, 36.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,000, and the median income for a family was $19,583. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,734. About 27.5% of families and 35.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 45.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 23.3% of those 65 or over.

