==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 86
|1890= 178
|1900= 450
|1910= 381
|1920= 657
|1930= 627
|1940= 815
|1950= 961
|1960= 1019
|1970= 1119
|1980= 1123
|1990= 1106
|2000= 1033
|2010= 1189
|2020= 1258
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,189 people, 491 households, and 322 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1025.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 525 housing units at an average density of {{convert|452.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 491 households, of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.4% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 46 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.2% were from 25 to 44; 21.5% were from 45 to 64; and 29.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,033 people, 435 households, and 287 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|890.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 477 housing units at an average density of {{convert|411.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.87% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.68% of the population.

There were 435 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 17.9% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 34.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,104, and the median income for a family was $39,318. Males had a median income of $30,968 versus $19,479 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,517.  About 2.7% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.7% of those under age 18 and 10.3% of those age 65 or over.

