==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 139
|1970= 119
|1980= 117
|1990= 85
|2000= 72
|2010= 68
|2020= 56
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 72 people, 34 households, and 21 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|78.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|56.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.78% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.94% of the population.

There were 34 households, out of which 20.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.68.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 2.8% from 18 to 24, 19.4% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 33.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,625, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $32,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $24,300. There were 5.0% of families and 14.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

