==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 246
|1930= 229
|1940= 247
|1950= 234
|1960= 276
|1970= 331
|1980= 453
|1990= 607
|2000= 860
|2010= 851
|2020= 797
|estyear=2022
|estimate=800
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 13, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 13, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 851 people, 305 households, and 234 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|231.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 316 housing units at an average density of {{convert|85.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 305 households, of which 42.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.3% were non-families. 17.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age in the city was 36.4 years. 30.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.4% were from 25 to 44; 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 11.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.6% male and 48.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 860 people, 289 households, and 238 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|233.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 294 housing units at an average density of {{convert|80.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.05% of the population.

There were 289 households, out of which 51.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.6% were non-families. 14.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.31.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.9% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 38.0% from 25 to 44, 15.0% from 45 to 64, and 7.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $55,078, and the median income for a family was $56,328. Males had a median income of $34,740 versus $25,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,445.  About 1.7% of families and 2.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.6% of those under age 18 and 5.1% of those age 65 or over.

