==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1850= 2016
|1860= 4901
|1870= 5726
|1880= 4149
|1890= 3681
|1900= 4638
|1910= 6455
|1920= 6495
|1930= 7296
|1940= 6809
|1950= 5856
|1960= 5159
|1970= 4576
|1980= 4037
|1990= 3524
|2000= 3254
|2010= 3004
|2020= 2745
|estyear=2021
|estimate=2762
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web |title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012 |url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html |work=Population Estimates |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=December 11, 2013 |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html |archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,254 people, 1,497 households, and 887 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,661.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 1,647 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,347.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the borough was 98.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.68% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.25% from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.71% of the population.

There were 1,497 households, out of which 20.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.7% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 18.6% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 26.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years.  For every 100 females, there were 88.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $28,161, and the median income for a family was $35,024.  Males had a median income of $28,566 versus $20,719 for females.  The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,418. About 7.7% of families and 11.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.6% of those under age 18 and 9.9% of those age 65 or over.

In the 2000 census, 8.8% of the population claimed [[Ukrainian Americans|Ukrainian ancestry]].<ref>{{cite web |url=http://www.epodunk.com/ancestry/Ukrainian.html |title=Ukrainian Ancestry Search - Ukrainian Genealogy by City |publisher=ePodunk |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131103161352/http://www.epodunk.com/ancestry/Ukrainian.html |archive-date=November 3, 2013 |access-date=July 8, 2022}}</ref>

