==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 419
|1880= 627
|1890= 757
|1900= 682
|1910= 562
|1920= 492
|1930= 526
|1940= 629
|1950= 655
|1960= 673
|1970= 792
|1980= 759
|1990= 644
|2000= 578
|2010= 577
|2020= 560
|estyear=2023
|estimate=550
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the census of 2020, there were 560 people, 246 housing units, 230 households, and 154 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2434.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 246 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1069.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], 5.0% from two or more races, and 0.5% American Indian/Alaskan Native. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.25% of the population.

There were 230 households, with the average household size being 3.34. 58.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together.

The median age in the village was 32.2 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32.2% were from 25 to 44; 19.9% were from 45 to 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

The median income for a household in the village was $64,286, and the median income for a family was $75,625. About 11.7% of the population were living below the poverty line.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 577 people, 232 households, and 174 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2508.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 260 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1130.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 232 households, of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.0% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the village was 40.2 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 16.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 578 people, 230 households, and 169 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,568.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 242 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,075.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.35% of the population.

There were 230 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,804, and the median income for a family was $46,563. Males had a median income of $34,375 versus $22,344 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,423. About 1.9% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 5.3% of those age 65 or over.

