==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 105
|1960= 86
|1970= 165
|1980= 227
|1990= 146
|2000= 221
|2010= 272
|2020= 310
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 272 people, 133 households, and 84 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|298.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 414 housing units at an average density of {{convert|454.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 133 households, of which 15.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.8% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.58.

The median age in the village was 60.2 years. 15.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 8% were from 25 to 44; 37.9% were from 45 to 64; and 35.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 221 people, 108 households, and 69 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|257.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 340 housing units at an average density of {{convert|396.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 98.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.45% from two or more races.

There were 108 households, out of which 13.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.1% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.54.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 13.1% under the age of 18, 2.7% from 18 to 24, 14.5% from 25 to 44, 42.5% from 45 to 64, and 27.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 56 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $61,875, and the median income for a family was $103,369. Males had a median income of $86,188 versus $36,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $51,788.  None of the families and 1.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

