==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 324
|1910= 700
|1920= 1067
|1930= 1670
|1940= 2043
|1950= 1985
|1960= 2223
|1970= 1951
|1980= 1796
|1990= 1680
|2000= 1760
|2010= 1646
|2020= 1562
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Tryon racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3768580&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 19, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,207
| 77.27%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 190
| 12.16%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 3
| 0.19%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 7
| 0.45%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 94
| 6.02%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 61
| 3.91%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,562 people, 823 households, and 280 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,760 people, 869 households, and 452 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|955.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 985 housing units at an average density of {{convert|534.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 77.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 21.02% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.25% of the population.

There were 869 households, out of which 16.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.9% were non-families. 44.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.66.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 16.7% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 19.6% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 37.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 72.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 68.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,449, and the median income for a family was $44,485. Males had a median income of $35,956 versus $23,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,347. About 7.9% of families and 14.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.2% of those under age 18 and 9.4% of those age 65 or over.

More than half of Tryon's full-time residents are "transplants" from other areas of the country. Some have helped to create the cultural center that continues to attract writers, educators, artists, and professional people to the Tryon area.<ref name=Richards14>{{cite book |url=https://archive.org/details/isbn_9780762730049 |title=Insiders' Guide to North Carolina's Mountains: Including Asheville, Biltmore Estate, Cherokee, and the Blue Ridge Parkway |author1=Richards, Constance E.|author2=Richards, Kenneth L.|year=2004 | orig-year=2002 |location=Guilford, Connecticut |publisher=The Globe Pequot Press|edition=Seventh|chapter=Polk County |page=[https://archive.org/details/isbn_9780762730049/page/14/mode/2up 14]|isbn=0-7627-3004-8|ref=refRichards2004}}</ref>

===Religion===
Tryon's churches include: Grace Foothills Church [[Presbyterian Church in America|(PCA)]], which meets in the historic Tryon Theatre; Tryon Presbyterian Church ([[Presbyterian Church (USA)|PCUSA]]), Holy Cross Church & Chapel (Episcopal), Congregational Church, St. John the Baptist Catholic Church, First Baptist Church, Tryon United Methodist Church, Trinity Lutheran Church [[Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod|LCMS]].<ref name=TDDA/> Other churches include Garrison Chapel Baptist Church.

The Good Shepherd Episcopal Church, originally a slave chapel known as St. Andrews, located on the Coxe Plantation, was moved to Tryon in 1955, on Jackson Road. Its African-American congregation has kept its original furnishings and glass.<ref name=PCHP/><ref>{{cite web | url=http://www.goodshepherdtryon.org/aboutus.html | title=About Us (Our history) | work=Good Shepherd Episcopal Church | access-date=January 1, 2011 | url-status=dead | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150212090946/http://goodshepherdtryon.org/aboutus.html | archive-date=February 12, 2015 }}</ref>

