==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 432
|1890= 670
|1900= 1052
|1910= 1005
|1920= 1043
|1930= 1124
|1940= 1340
|1950= 1475
|1960= 1701
|1970= 1983
|1980= 2143
|1990= 2706
|2000= 2909
|2010= 3284
|2020= 3348
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref> 2020<ref name="2020-census-5523525" />
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5523525">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Ellsworth village, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5523525&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=July 7, 2022}}</ref> the population was 3,348. The [[population density]] was {{convert|881.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,467 housing units at an average density of {{convert|386.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 4.5% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 3.0% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,284 people, 1,331 households, and 827 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|875.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,434 housing units at an average density of {{convert|382.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 1,331 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.9% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the village was 35.7 years. 26.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.8% were from 25 to 44; 23.7% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 income statistics===
As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $42,604, and the median income for a family was $51,286. Males had a median income of $36,069 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,661. About 2.6% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.4% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

