==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 357
|1910= 604
|1920= 559
|1930= 565
|1940= 562
|1950= 681
|1960= 657
|1970= 694
|1980= 800
|1990= 853
|2000= 789
|2010= 731
|2020= 636
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Sandersville racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2864920&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=June 7, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|530
|83.33%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|42
|6.6%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|29
|4.56%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|1
|0.16%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|25
|3.93%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|9
|1.42%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''636'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 636 people, 268 households, and 218 families residing in the town.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 789 people, 317 households, and 231 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|159.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 350 housing units at an average density of {{convert|70.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.84% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.89% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.13% of the population.

There were 317 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.1% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,538, and the median income for a family was $34,167. Males had a median income of $27,614 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,429. About 12.8% of families and 16.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.3% of those under age 18 and 28.9% of those age 65 or over.

