==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 350
|1910= 520
|1920= 420
|1930= 371
|1940= 399
|1950= 449
|1960= 451
|1970= 475
|1980= 458
|1990= 520
|2000= 452
|2010= 512
|2020= 487
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 512 people, 183 households, and 126 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1706.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 222 housing units at an average density of {{convert|740.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.9% of the population.

There were 183 households, of which 42.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.1% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.29.

The median age in the town was 30.6 years. 30.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.2% were from 45 to 64; and 7.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 452 people, 180 households, and 120 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,523.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 193 housing units at an average density of {{convert|650.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.87% of the population.

There were 180 households, out of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 96.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,438, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $32,422 versus $20,547 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,664. About 11.7% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.6% of those under age 18 and 14.3% of those age 65 or over.

