==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 192
|1890= 222
|1900= 213
|1910= 386
|1920= 440
|1930= 496
|1940= 556
|1950= 605
|1960= 635
|1970= 641
|1980= 588
|1990= 468
|2000= 459
|2010= 536
|2020= 395
|estyear=2021
|estimate=404
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021">{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |website=Census.gov |publisher=US Census Bureau |access-date=July 10, 2022}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 459 people, 186 households, and 129 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|460.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 202 housing units at an average density of {{convert|202.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 52.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 47.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.22% of the population.

There were 186 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,167, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $30,179 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,099. About 11.9% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.8% of those under age 18 and 30.4% of those age 65 or over.

