==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 106
|1890= 66
|1920= 60
|1930= 78
|1940= 63
|1980= 54
|1990= 35
|2000= 68
|2010= 67
|2020= 53
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Eagle Village first appeared on the 1880 U.S. Census as "Fetoutlin (David's people)", an unincorporated village with 106 residents, all of the Tinneh tribe. In 1890, it was called "David's Camp" with a population of 66. In 1920 through 1940, it appeared as Eagle Native Village (to distinguish it from neighboring Eagle to the west). It reappeared in 1980 as Eagle Village and made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 68 people, 32 households, and 14 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|3.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 55.88% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 44.12% [[Alaska Natives]].

There were 32 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 25.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 56.3% were non-families. 43.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 39.7% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 4.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 119.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 142.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $6,875, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $40,000 versus $47,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,887. There were 20.0% of families and 55.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 35.3% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

