==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1870 = 121
| 1880 = 170
| 1890 = 358
| 1910 = 641
| 1920 = 649
| 1930 = 712
| 1940 = 957
| 1950 = 1024
| 1960 = 1400
| 1970 = 2027
| 1980 = 2329
| 1990 = 2552
| 2000 = 3641
| 2010 = 4541
| 2020 = 5193
| estyear = 2024
| estimate = 5689
| estref = <ref>{{Cite web |last= |first= |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |access-date=2026-01-07 |website=Census.gov |language=en}}</ref> {{increase}}
| footnote = Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses }}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/PEP/2014/PEPANNRES/0400000US47.16200|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=July 6, 2015|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213154700/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/PEP/2014/PEPANNRES/0400000US47.16200|archive-date=February 13, 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Ashland City racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4702180&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 26, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 4,175
| 80.4%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 309
| 5.95%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 10
| 0.19%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 32
| 0.62%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 11
| 0.21%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 230
| 4.43%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 426
| 8.2%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 5,193 people, 1,986 households, and 1,129 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,641 people, 1,416 households, and 944 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|410.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,508 housing units at an average density of {{convert|170.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.04% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.03% of the population.

There were 1,416 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44, and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.1% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 32.7% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,282, and the median income for a family was $39,550. Males had a median income of $29,694 versus $22,454 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,228. About 5.5% of families and 9.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.3% of those under age 18 and 12.6% of those age 65 or over.

