==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 213
| 1940 = 185
| 1950 = 405
| 1960 = 402
| 1970 = 524
| 1980 = 595
| 1990 = 488
| 2000 = 682
| 2010 = 631
| 2020 = 528
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 535
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Mountainburg racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0547300&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=January 1, 2022|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 450
| 85.23%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 17
| 3.22%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.19%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 43
| 8.14%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 17
| 3.22%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 528 people, 252 households, and 136 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 682 people in 271 households, including 179 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|478.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 298 housing units at an average density of {{convert|208.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 95.45% White, 0.15% Black or African American, 3.08% Native American, 0.15% Pacific Islander, 0.59% from other races, and 0.59% from two or more races. 0.59% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
Of the 271 households 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were married couples living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.6% were non-families. 30.6% of households were one person and 16.2% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.15.

The age distribution was 29.2% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% 65 or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.4 males.

The median household income was $25,446 and the median family income  was $33,295. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $21,806 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,445. About 12.0% of families and 17.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.2% of those under age 18 and 20.1% of those age 65 or over.

