==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 268
|1910= 364
|1920= 334
|1930= 291
|1940= 307
|1950= 218
|1960= 203
|1970= 156
|1980= 148
|1990= 160
|2000= 164
|2010= 139
|2020= 96
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 96 people, 47 households, and 26 families in Latham.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Latham%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 442.4 per square mile (170.8/km{{sup|2}}). There were 64 housing units at an average density of 294.9 per square mile (113.9/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Latham%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 86.46% (83) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (85.42% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 13.54% (13) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Latham%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 4.17% (4) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Latham%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 47 households, 25.5% had children under the age of 18; 38.3% were married couples living together; 17.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 34.0% of households consisted of individuals and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 1.8 and the average family size was 1.9.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Latham%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 2.1% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Latham%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

14.6% of the population was under the age of 18, 1.0% from 18 to 24, 18.8% from 25 to 44, 45.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 71.4 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 70.8 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that males had a median income of $66,250 (+/- $39,944) versus $3,926 (+/- $632) for females.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Latham%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 79.6% of families and 64.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 69.5% of those under the age of 18 and 0.0% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Latham%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Latham%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 139 people, 61 households, and 36 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|556.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|328.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 61 households, of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.0% were non-families. 37.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the city was 43.3 years. 26.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 35.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 164 people, 65 households, and 41 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|682.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|337.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.61% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.61% of the population.

There were 65 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 34.1% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,417, and the median income for a family was $42,292. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $25,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,385. About 12.8% of families and 21.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 66.7% of those 65 or over.

