==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1910= 263
|1920= 315
|1930= 290
|1940= 242
|1950= 316
|1960= 181
|1970= 168
|1980= 145
|1990= 147
|2000= 114
|2010= 120
|2020= 82
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 114 people, 50 households, and 37 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|36.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of 18.8 per square mile (7.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 89.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.51% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 7.02% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.02% of the population.

There were 50 households, out of which 18.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.0% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.57.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 14.0% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,625, and the median income for a family was $38,906. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $29,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,390. There were 18.9% of families and 17.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 31.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

