==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 93
|1930= 158
|1940= 158
|1950= 121
|1960= 111
|1970= 138
|1980= 84
|1990= 63
|2000= 67
|2010= 43
|2020= 34
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 67 people, 34 households, and 19 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|271.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|153.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.49% of the population.

There were 34 households, out of which 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 41.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.60.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.9% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 16.4% from 25 to 44, 44.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $38,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,856. There were 5.6% of families and 18.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of persons under the age of 18 and 20.0% of those over 64.-->
{{clear left}}

