==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 90
|1930= 89
|1940= 90
|1950= 70
|1960= 44
|1970= 35
|1980= 22
|1990= 15
|2000= 10
|2010= 6
|2020= 10
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 4, 2014}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref name="2013 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=October 4, 2014}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 6 people, 3 households, and 3 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|24.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 6 housing units at an average density of {{convert|24.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 83.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 16.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 3 households, of which 100.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together. 0.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.00.

The median age in the town was 71.5 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 0.0% were from 25 to 44; 33.3% were from 45 to 64; and 66.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 10 people, 5 households, and 4 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|41.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 6 housing units at an average density of 24.9 per square mile (9.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 5 households, out of which 1 had children under the age of 18 living with them, 4 were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, none had a female householder with no husband present, and 1 was a non-family. One household was made up of individuals, and one had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was two people and the average family size was 2.25 people.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 1 person under the age of 18, two from 18 to 24, none from 25 to 44, four from 45 to 64, and three who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53 years. There were an equal number of females and males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 125.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $0, as did females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,570. Two people but no families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, none of those under the age of 18 and 33.3% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

