==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 121
|1910= 203
|1920= 106
|1930= 201
|1940= 169
|1950= 177
|1960= 119
|1970= 114
|1980= 96
|1990= 139
|2000= 103
|2010= 122
|2020= 64
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 103 people, 48 households, and 33&nbsp;families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|81.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 58&nbsp;housing units at an average density of {{convert|46.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 11.65% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 48 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.61.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 44&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 87.3 males. For every 100&nbsp;females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 76.6&nbsp;males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,607, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $51,432. There were 10.0% of families and 10.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 30.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

