==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 254
|1950= 975
|1960= 997
|1970= 989
|1980= 622
|1990= 794
|2000= 818
|2010= 745
|2020= 410
|estyear=2024
|estimate=649
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=February 23, 2026}}</ref> {{increase}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (Village)"/>
}}

According to realtor website [[Zillow]], the average price of a home as of January 31, 2026, in Boys Town is $295,169.<ref>{{Cite web|title=Boys Town, NE Housing Market |url=https://www.zillow.com/home-values/48762/boys-town-ne/ |publisher=[[Zillow]] |access-date=February 23, 2026 |language=en}}</ref>

As of the 2024 [[American Community Survey]], there are 8 estimated households in Boys Town with an average of 2.63 persons per household. The village has a median household income of $73,750. Approximately 66.3% of the village's population lives at or below the [[Poverty in the United States|poverty line]]. Boys Town has an estimated 27.7% employment rate, with 31.4% of the population holding a bachelor's degree or higher and 100.0% holding a high school diploma.<ref name="QF">{{Cite web|title=U.S. Census Bureau QuickFacts: Boys Town village, Nebraska |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/boystownvillagenebraska/PST045225 |access-date=February 23, 2026 |website=www.census.gov |language=en}}</ref> There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|31.94|/sqmi|/km2|1}}.

The top five reported languages (people were allowed to report up to two languages, thus the figures will generally add to more than 100%) were English (86.3%), Spanish (13.7%), Indo-European (0.0%), Asian and Pacific Islander (0.0%), and Other (0.0%).

The median age in the village was 18.5 years.

{| class="wikitable sortable"
|+<big>Boys Town, Nebraska – racial and ethnic composition</big><br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
! Race / ethnicity <small>(''NH = non-Hispanic'')</small>
! Pop. 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Boys Town village, Nebraska |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALSF12000.P004?g=160XX00US3106015 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=February 23, 2026}}</ref>
! Pop. 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Boys Town village, Nebraska |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2010.P2?q=p2&g=160XX00US3106015 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=February 23, 2026}}</ref>
! {{partial|Pop. 2020}}<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Boys Town village, Nebraska |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=p2&g=160XX00US3106015 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=February 23, 2026}}</ref>
! % 2000
! % 2010
! {{partial|% 2020}}
|-
| [[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
| 524
| 433
| style='background: #ffffe6; |232
| 64.06%
| 58.12%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |56.59%
|-
| [[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
| 167
| 190
| style='background: #ffffe6; |99
| 20.42%
| 25.50%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |24.15%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
| 9
| 26
| style='background: #ffffe6; |14
| 1.10%
| 3.49%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |3.41%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
| 4
| 3
| style='background: #ffffe6; |5
| 0.49%
| 0.40%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |1.22%
|-
| [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
| 0
| 1
| style='background: #ffffe6; |2
| 0.00%
| 0.13%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0.49%
|-
| [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
| 4
| 6
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0
| 0.49%
| 0.81%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or multiracial]] (NH)
| 48
| 11
| style='background: #ffffe6; |7
| 5.87%
| 1.48%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |1.71%
|-
| [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
| 62
| 75
| style='background: #ffffe6; |51
| 7.58%
| 10.07%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |12.44%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''818'''
|'''745'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''410'''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 410 people, 15 households, and 15 families residing in the village.<ref>{{Cite web|title=U.S. Census Bureau, Table P16: Household Type |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Boys%20Town%20village,%20Nebraska%20p16&y=2020 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=February 23, 2026}}</ref> The [[population density]] was {{convert|453.04|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.83|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 56.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 24.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.49% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 11.71% from some other races and 2.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 12.44% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web|title=How many people live in Boys Town village, Nebraska |url=https://data.usatoday.com/census/total-population/total-population-change/boys-town-village-nebraska/160-3106015/ |publisher=[[USA Today]] |access-date=February 23, 2026}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 745 people, 6 households, and 2 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|566.54|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 15 housing units at an average density of {{convert|11.41|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 66.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 26.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.61% from some other races and 2.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 10.07% of the population.

There were 6 households 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 66.7% were non-families. 66.7% of households were one person and 16.7% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 3.17 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 16.7 years. 72.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.2% were from 25 to 44; 2.8% were from 45 to 64; and 0.1% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the village was 57.2% male and 42.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 818 people, 57 households, and 53 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|589.72|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|41.81|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 66.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 21.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 5.01% from some other races and 5.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 7.58% of the population.

There were 57 households 68.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 93.0% were married couples living together, and 7.0% were non-families. 7.0% of households were one person and 5.3% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 3.32 and the average family size was 3.47.

The age distribution was 78.9% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 11.0% from 25 to 44, 0.7% from 45 to 64, and 0.5% 65 or older. The median age was 16 years. For every 100 females, there were 219.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over there were 150.7 males.

The median household income was $51,442, and the median family income was $51,944. Males had a median income of $31,563 versus $21,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $3,048. None of the families and 6.1% of the population were living below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including none under 18 and none of those over 64.

