==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 251
|1870= 843
|1880= 825
|1890= 699
|1900= 713
|1910= 1119
|1920= 553
|1930= 476
|1940= 479
|1950= 308
|1960= 238
|1970= 210
|1980= 234
|1990= 255
|2000= 239
|2010= 176
|2020= 115
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
White Cloud is part of the [[St. Joseph, Missouri|St. Joseph]], [[Missouri|MO]]&ndash;KS [[St. Joseph, Missouri Metropolitan Area|Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 176 people, 86 households, and 44 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|241.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|180.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 68.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 18.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 8.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.1% of the population.

There were 86 households, of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.8% were non-families. 40.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 44.7 years. 19.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 21.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 239 people, 108 households, and 57 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|329.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 134 housing units at an average density of {{convert|184.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 70.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.77% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 17.99% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.44% of the population.

There were 108 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.3% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 18.8% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,393, and the median income for a family was $34,688. Males had a median income of $25,938 versus $16,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,828. About 1.9% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.1% of those 65 or over.

