==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 100
| 1930 = 155
| 1940 = 110
| 1950 = 122
| 1960 = 115
| 1970 = 173
| 1980 = 328
| 1990 = 148
| 2000 = 129
| 2010 = 191
| 2020 = 140
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 139
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 191 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 70.7% White, 20.9% Black, and 8.4% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 129 people, 52 households, and 35 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|75.5|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|33.3|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 82.17% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 17.05% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 0.78% from two or more races.

There were 52 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 35.7% from 45 to 64, and 7.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,625, and the median income for a family was $49,375. Males had a median income of $29,500 versus $9,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,958. There were 10.3% of families and 11.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

