==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1930= 386
|1940= 415
|1950= 302
|1960= 269
|1970= 208
|1980= 358
|1990= 216
|2000= 217
|2010= 223
|2020= 319
|estyear=2022
|estimate=299
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 20, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 20, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=May 25, 2014 }}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 223 people, 100 households, and 60 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|155.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|83.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.9% of the population.

There were 100 households, of which 21.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.0% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 43.3 years. 18.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 32.3% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.6% male and 44.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 217 people, 87 households, and 60 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|150.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|73.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.99% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.38% of the population.

The top 6 ancestry groups in the city are [[Norway|Norwegian]] (49.3%), [[Germany|German]] (32.7%), [[Ireland|Irish]] (18.0%), [[England|English]] (8.3%), [[Sweden|Swedish]] (7.4%), [[Netherlands|Dutch]] (4.1%).

There were 87 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,042, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,630. About 15.9% of families and 20.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 21.1% of those 65 or over.

