==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 290
|1940= 291
|1950= 337
|1960= 303
|1970= 252
|1980= 338
|1990= 311
|2000= 348
|2010= 355
|2020=354
|estyear=2023
|estimate=350
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2023CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2023.html|date=May 24, 2024|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2024}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 355 people, 108 households, and 89 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|806.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.7% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 108 households, of which 44.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 17.6% were non-families. 13.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.29 and the average family size was 3.67.

The median age in the city was 28.9 years. 35.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.5% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 11% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 348 people, 108 households, and 78 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|854.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|289.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.57% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.44% of the population.

There were 108 households, out of which 46.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.22 and the average family size was 4.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 39.4% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 17.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,500, and the median income for a family was $41,944. Males had a median income of $31,406 versus $19,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,312. About 7.9% of families and 12.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.0% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.

