==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 156
|1940= 163
|1950= 163
|1960= 169
|1970= 135
|1980= 126
|1990= 62
|2000= 84
|2010= 68
|2020= 71
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 84 people, 31 households, and 24 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|99.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.38% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 5.95% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.19% from two or more races.

There were 31 households, out of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.4% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 16.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 127.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 124.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,938, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $9,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,638. There were 25.0% of families and 27.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 34.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
{{clear|left}}

