==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 1518
| 2010 = 1441
| 2020 = 1719
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Murphys Estates racial composition<ref>{{cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4548900&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-15|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|1,350
|78.53%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|183
|10.65%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|6
|0.35%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|12
|0.7%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|92
|5.35%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|76
|4.42%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,719 people, 461 households, and 355 families residing in the CDP. English was spoken at home by 97% of the population, and Spanish by 3%.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,518 people, 534 households, and 410 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|757.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 595 housing units at an average density of {{convert|296.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 91.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.64% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.13% of the population.

There were 534 households, out of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.2% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.31.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 31.7% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 7.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $25,972, and the median income for a family was $26,528. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $15,450 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,358. About 24.7% of families and 30.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.7% of those under age 18 and 35.9% of those age 65 or over.

