==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 171
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 133 people, 52 households, and 35 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|697.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|288.4|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.50% from two or more races.

There were 52 households, out of which 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 30.8% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $28,542, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $22,222 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,501. There were no families and 5.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 31.6% of those over 64.

