==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 304
|1920= 362
|1930= 328
|1940= 371
|1950= 312
|1960= 251
|1970= 201
|1980= 166
|1990= 119
|2000= 109
|2010= 96
|2020= 86
|estyear=2022
|estimate=86
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 14, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 14, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 19, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 96 people, 46 households, and 29 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|62.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|47.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 6.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 46 households, of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.0% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the city was 52.5 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.6% were from 25 to 44; 31.3% were from 45 to 64; and 27.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.1% male and 47.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 109 people, 57 households, and 29 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|70.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|49.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.67% from two or more races.

There were 57 households, out of which 15.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.4% were non-families. 45.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.91 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.5% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 15.6% from 25 to 44, 33.0% from 45 to 64, and 29.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 127.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 127.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,583, and the median income for a family was $43,125. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,818. There were no families and 7.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including none under 18 and 4.5% of those over 64.

