==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 394
| 1890 = 492
| 1900 = 501
| 1910 = 482
| 1920 = 572
| 1930 = 522
| 1940 = 528
| 1950 = 568
| 1960 = 544
| 1970 = 601
| 1980 = 594
| 1990 = 510
| 2000 = 493
| 2010 = 522
| 2020 = 426
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1725063 |access-date=June 28, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 426 people, 211 households, and 111 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|99.32|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 199 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|46.40|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.47% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.70% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.64% of the population.

There were 211 households, out of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.39% were married couples living together, 5.21% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.39% were non-families. 36.97% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.27% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 2.16.

The village's age distribution consisted of 14.5% under the age of 18, 11.4% from 18 to 24, 18.2% from 25 to 44, 32.6% from 45 to 64, and 23.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $57,292, and the median income for a family was $76,875. Males had a median income of $43,472 versus $40,972 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $33,033. About 2.7% of families and 6.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over.{{clear left}}

