==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900=  980
|1910= 1073
|1920= 1339
|1930= 1467
|1940= 1678
|1950= 1869
|1960= 1928
|1970= 2271
|1980= 2001
|1990= 1968
|2000= 2035
|2010= 1922
|2020= 1918
| estimate=1894
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Population sources:<small>1900–1920<ref>[https://dspace.njstatelib.org/xmlui/handle/10929/25218?show=full ''Compendium of censuses 1726-1905: together with the tabulated returns of 1905''], [[New Jersey Department of State]], 1906. Accessed October 15, 2013.</ref><br>1900–1910<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=T9HrAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA337 ''Thirteenth Census of the United States, 1910: Population by Counties and Minor Civil Divisions, 1910, 1900, 1890''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 337. Accessed November 19, 2012.</ref> 1910–1930<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=kifRAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA716 ''Fifteenth Census of the United States : 1930 - Population Volume I''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 716. Accessed November 19, 2012.</ref><br>1940–2000<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref> 2000<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/><br>2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3402133150 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 for Hopewell borough, Mercer County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212111654/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3402133150 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed November 19, 2012.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_mer/hopewell1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Hopewell borough] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140811084107/http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_mer/hopewell1.pdf |date=August 11, 2014 }}, [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed November 19, 2012.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 1,918 people in Hopewell Borough, representing a slight decrease from the 1,922 residents recorded in 2010. The [[population density]] was approximately 2,729.0 per square mile (1,053.5/km²). The borough contained 828 housing units, with an average density of 1,183 housing units per square mile (457/km²).<ref name=Census2020>[https://data.census.gov/profile/Hopewell_borough,_New_Jersey?g=160XX00US3433150 Hopewell borough, New Jersey], [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed August 5, 2025.</ref>

The racial makeup of the borough was 88.90% White, 1.70% [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 1.40% [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.90% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 6.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 4.40% of the population.<ref name=Census2020/>

Of the 787 households, 30.4% had children under the age of 18; 53.7% were married couples living together; 26.7% had a female householder with no husband present. Of all households, 26.4% were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=Census2020/> 

The age distribution was as follows: 21.2% were under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 31.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age for both sexes was approximately 44.6 years.<ref name=Census2020/> 

===2010 census===
The [[2010 United States census]] counted 1,922 people, 778 households, and 532 families in the borough. The [[population density]] was 2,735.2 per square mile (1,056.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 817 housing units at an average density of 1,162.7 per square mile (448.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup was 95.06% (1,827) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 1.51% (29) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.10% (2) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 0.68% (13) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.05% (1) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.51% (29) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 1.09% (21) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 3.69% (71) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 778 households, 33.5% had children under the age of 18; 54.6% were married couples living together; 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present and 31.6% were non-families. Of all households, 25.4% were made up of individuals and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.00.<ref name=Census2010/>

24.0% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 36.3% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.8 years. For every 100 females, the population had 91.8 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 87.7 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

The Census Bureau's 2006–2010 [[American Community Survey]] showed that (in 2010 [[inflation adjustment|inflation-adjusted]] dollars) [[median household income]] was $105,417 (with a margin of error of +/− $8,866) and the median family income was $125,066 (+/− $15,420). Males had a median income of $91,375 (+/− $14,302) versus $55,357 (+/− $11,473) for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $50,910 (+/− $5,465). About none of families and 0.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3402133150 DP03: Selected Economic Characteristics from the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Hopewell borough, Mercer County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212084954/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3402133150 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed November 19, 2012.</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 2,035 people, 813 households, and 561 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,963.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 836 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,217.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 95.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.98% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.31% of the population.<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603433150.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Hopewell borough, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20160112140052/http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603433150.pdf |date=January 12, 2016 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed November 19, 2012.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3402133150 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Hopewell borough, Mercer County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212095751/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3402133150 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed November 19, 2012.</ref>

There were 813 households, out of which 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.9% were non-families. 25.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.01.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the borough was $77,270, and the median income for a family was $91,205. Males had a median income of $52,656 versus $47,315 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $38,413. None of the families and 2.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 5.2% of those over 64.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

