==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 555
|1920= 610
|1930= 519
|1940= 673
|1950= 689
|1960= 1081
|1970= 867
|1980= 941
|1990= 822
|2000= 944
|2010= 900
|2020= 822
|estyear=2019
|estimate=940
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 900 people, 363 households, and 240 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1071.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 392 housing units at an average density of {{convert|466.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 363 households, of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.9% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 43.2 years. 26.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 to 44; 29% were from 45 to 64; and 18.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 944 people, 364 households, and 242 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,136.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 398 housing units at an average density of {{convert|479.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.64% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.42% of the population.

There were 364 households, out of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.5% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,167, and the median income for a family was $39,625. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,003. About 5.8% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.7% of those under age 18 and 6.2% of those age 65 or over.

