==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 262
|1930= 343
|1940= 334
|1950= 396
|1960= 304
|1970= 319
|1980= 357
|1990= 195
|2000= 247
|2010= 299
|2020= 249
|estyear=2021
|estimate=261
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> there were 299 people, 120 households and 79 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1300.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 128 housing units at an average density of {{convert|556.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.3% from two or more races.

There were 120 households, of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.2% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the town was 38.2 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 13% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 247 people, 99 households and 61 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 857.9 per square mile (328.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 113 housing units at an average density of 392.5 per square mile (150.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.81% from two or more races.

There were 99 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.4% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.06.

27.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $21,389 and the median family income was $21,500. Males had a median income of $20,764 compared with $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $10,581. About 27.9% of families and 26.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 27.3% of those 65 or over.

