==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 215
|1870= 320
|1880= 353
|1890= 435
|1900= 425
|1910= 384
|1920= 372
|1930= 405
|1940= 443
|1950= 435
|1960= 387
|1970= 413
|1980= 339
|1990= 313
|2000= 347
|2010= 405
|2020= 387
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 347 people, 165 households, and 100 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|628.9|/sqmi|/km2}}. There were 181 housing units at an average density of {{convert|328.0|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.73% from two or more races.

There were 165 households, out of which 21.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.8% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.3% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 28.2% from 45 to 64, and 25.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $45,000. Males had a median income of $29,167 versus $22,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,379. About 9.6% of families and 19.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.2% of those under age 18 and 30.9% of those age 65 or over.

