==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 134
|1910= 213
|1920= 168
|1930= 170
|1940= 208
|1950= 205
|1960= 182
|1970= 126
|1980= 115
|1990= 83
|2000= 83
|2010= 72
|2020= 65
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 72 people, 35 households, and 19 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|450.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|262.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 35 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.7% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the city was 54.2 years. 18.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.1% were from 25 to 44; 38.9% were from 45 to 64; and 25% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 83 people, 41 households, and 20 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|524.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|297.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 2.41% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.41% of the population.

There were 41 households, out of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.2% were non-families. 43.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 1.2% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 31.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $41,042. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,748. There were 9.5% of families and 12.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.5% of those over 64.

