==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 1243
|1990= 1119
|2000= 1071
|2010= 897
|2020= 890
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2018, there were 896 people, 495 households, and 284 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,458.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 847 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,153.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.65% of the population.

There were 495 households, out of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.7% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 30.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.1 males. In the city's population, 49.5% are males and 50.5% are females.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,978, and the median income for a family was $35,250. Males had a median income of $30,250 versus $18,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,876. About 13.2% of families and 17.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.1% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.

The total amount of housing is 946. Of those, 34.4% of those homes are used for recreational, seasonal, or occasional use (which is 325 homes). 46.6% of houses in the beach are vacant, which adds up to 441 homes. 2.7% of homes are for rent and 2.0% are for sale totaling 45 homes.

