==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 1127
|1950= 1326
|1960= 625
|1970= 460
|1980= 2288
|1990= 1076
|2000= 873
|2010= 841
|2020= 683
|estyear=2025
|estimate=663
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 841 people, 346 households, and 232 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|410.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 497 housing units at an average density of {{convert|242.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.0% of the population.

There were 346 households, of which 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.9% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the town was 39.2 years. 26.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 873 people, 367 households, and 245 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 426.9 people per square mile (165.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 514 housing units at an average density of 251.3 per square mile (97.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 95.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.60% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.50% of the population.

There were 367 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 30.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,364, and the median income for a family was $39,219. Males had a median income of $41,000 versus $22,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,062. About 18.4% of families and 20.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.6% of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over.

