==Demographics==
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 326 people, 96 households, and 69 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 68.0 people per square mile (26.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 102 housing units at an average density of 28.2/sq&nbsp;mi (10.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.41% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.41% of the population.

There were 96 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.4% were married couples living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.1% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 28.5% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $75,315, and the median income for a family was $78,786. Males had a median income of $39,489 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $23,700. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

