==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 228
|1870= 364
|1880= 712
|1890= 998
|1900= 1406
|1910= 1434
|1920= 1440
|1930= 1304
|1940= 1353
|1950= 1213
|1960= 1172
|1970= 1172
|1980= 1394
|1990= 1416
|2000= 1358
|2010= 1371
|2020= 1220
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,371 people, 600 households, and 336 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1202.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 709 housing units at an average density of {{convert|621.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 600 households, of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.0% were non-families. 38.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 23.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,358 people, 623 households, and 368 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,235.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 731 housing units at an average density of {{convert|664.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.18% of the population.

There were 623 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.8% were non-families. 37.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 21.0% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 24.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,336, and the median income for a family was $28,594. Males had a median income of $27,955 versus $17,727 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,051. About 12.3% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.8% of those under age 18 and 15.6% of those age 65 or over.

