==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1980= 89
|1990= 21
|2000= 51
|2010= 96
|2020= 107
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 96 people, 35 households, and 29 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|872.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|318.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.2% of the population.

There were 35 households, of which 37.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 17.1% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 43 years. 26% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 51 people, 19 households and 17 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|489.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 21 housing units at an average density of {{convert|201.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.96% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.92% of the population.

There were 19 households, of which 42.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 89.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 5.3% were non-families. No households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 2.67.

Age distribution was 25.5% under the age of 18, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $77,394, and the median family income was $101,585. Males had a median income of $85,000 versus $28,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $41,970. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

