==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 164
|1890= 272
|1900= 345
|1910= 402
|1920= 431
|1930= 432
|1940= 381
|1950= 382
|1960= 516
|1970= 455
|1980= 450
|1990= 479
|2000= 459
|2010= 848
|2020= 935
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 22, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 848 people, 337 households, and 229 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1304.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 359 housing units at an average density of {{convert|552.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.5% of the population.

There were 337 households, of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.0% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the village was 38.9 years. 26.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.8% were from 25 to 44; 28.1% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 459 people, 183 households, and 124 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,292.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 190 housing units at an average density of {{convert|535.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.87% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.61% of the population.

There were 183 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.8 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $45,625, and the median income for a family was $55,156. Males had a median income of $36,875 versus $21,827 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,089. None of the families and 1.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 2.3% of those over 64.

