==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 3476
|2010= 3580
|2020= 3983
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name=2020Census>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Port+Hadlock-Irondale+CDP,+Washington|title=2020 Census Data|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 21, 2023}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 3,476 people, 1,407 households, and 955 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 521.3 people per square mile (201.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,537 housing units at an average density of 230.5/sq&nbsp;mi (89.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 1,407 households, out of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,202, and the median income for a family was $34,847. Males had a median income of $34,583 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,721. About 13.6% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.5% of those under age 18 and 8.2% of those age 65 or over.

