==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 323
| 1980 = 335
| 1990 = 378
| 2000 = 408
| 2010 = 336
| 2020 = 357
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Pleasant Valley racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4858400&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 20, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|319
|89.36%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|2
|0.56%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|3
|0.84%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] (NH)
|1
|0.28%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|3
|0.84%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|4
|1.12%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|25
|7.0%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''357'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 357 people, 120 households, and 78 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000,  408 people, 162 households, and 127 families resided in the town. The population density was {{convert|157.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The 172 housing units averaged 66.3 per square mile (25.6/km{{sup|2}}). The [[Race (United States Census)|racial makeup]] of the town was 95.10% White, 0.98% Native American, 2.45% from other races, and 1.47% from two or more races. Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 5.88% of the population.

Of the 162 households, 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.9% were married couples living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.6% were not families. About17.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the town, the population was distributed as 21.3% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $72,500, and for a family was $71,625. Males had a median income of $56,250 versus $37,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $54,421. About 6.1% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.0% of those under age 18 and 2.4% of those age 65 or over.

