==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 579
|1930= 309
|1940= 294
|1950= 263
|1960= 259
|1970= 243
|1980= 265
|1990= 233
|2000= 236
|2010= 243
|2020= 226
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 243 people, 102 households, and 60 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|607.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|302.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.06% of the population.

There were 102 households, of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.2% were non-families. 36.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the city was 37.6 years. 28% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 23.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 236 people, 90 households, and 64 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|592.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|298.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.85% from two or more races.

There were 90 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,844, and the median income for a family was $22,500. Males had a median income of $20,417 versus $21,429 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,497. About 24.2% of families and 28.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 23.1% of those 65 or over.

