==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 195
|1910= 438
|1920= 453
|1930= 418
|1940= 434
|1950= 348
|1960= 372
|1970= 424
|1980= 506
|1990= 455
|2000= 477
|2010= 409
|2020= 364
|estyear=2021
|estimate=359
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 409 people, 186 households, and 120 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1278.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 205 housing units at an average density of {{convert|640.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 186 households, of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.5% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the village was 41.8 years. 23% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 21.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 477 people, 198 households, and 144 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,727.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 211 housing units at an average density of {{convert|764.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.42% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.84% of the population.

There were 198 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,159, and the median income for a family was $42,813. Males had a median income of $27,054 versus $19,531 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,463. About 1.5% of families and 4.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.7% of those under age 18 and 14.4% of those age 65 or over.

