==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 74
|1910= 109
|1920= 168
|1930= 219
|1940= 217
|1950= 302
|1960= 275
|1970= 372
|1980= 618
|1990= 651
|2000= 876
|2010= 1172
|2020= 970
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
In the 2020 census, Alto had 1,172 people. The Alto population by county breakdown was as follows: 656 in Habersham County and 516 in Banks County.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.dot.ga.gov:443/DriveSmart/MapsData/Documents/CountyMaps/Banks.pdf|title=General Highway Map Banks County Georgia|publisher=[[Georgia Department of Transportation]]|access-date=2024-09-25}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 876&nbsp;people, 304&nbsp;households, and 227&nbsp;families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|1,061.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 325 housing units at an average density of {{convert|393.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 79.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.94% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 9.02% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 20.09% of the population.

There were 304 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.3% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.35.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 12.8% from 18 to 24, 32.0% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 7.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 30&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 106.6 males.  For every 100&nbsp;females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 103.0&nbsp;males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,750, and the median income for a family was $36,094. Males had a median income of $23,393 versus $18,571 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,434.  Below the [[poverty line]] were 15.6% of people, 11.2% of families, 12.2% of those under 18 and 15.6% of those over 64.

