==Demographics==
===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5539250">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Keshena CDP, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5539250&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=13 July 2022}}</ref> the population was 1,257. The [[population density]] was {{convert|150.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 364 housing units at an average density of {{convert|43.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.1% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 2.8% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,394 people, 353 households, and 296 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 164.7 people per square mile (63.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 376 housing units at an average density of 44.4/sq&nbsp;mi (17.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 3.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 95.98% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.73% of the population.

There were 353 households, out of which 58.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 40.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.1% were non-families. 13.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.85 and the average family size was 4.07.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 46.1% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 13.2% from 45 to 64, and 5.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 20 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $19,792, and the median income for a family was $20,526. Males had a median income of $22,115 versus $20,170 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,578. About 43.9% of families and 45.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 57.7% of those under age 18 and 32.1% of those age 65 or over.

English was spoken in 84.69% of homes, [[Menominee language|Menominee]] in 12.21%, and [[Hmong language|Hmong]] in 3.09% of homes.<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/map_data_results&SRVY_YEAR=2000&geo=&state_id=55&county_id=&mode=place&lang_id=&zip=&place_id=39250&cty_id=&region_id=&division_id=&ll=&ea=n&order=&a=n&pc=1|title=Data Center Results}}</ref>

