==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 90
|2020= 73
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 99 people, 39 households, and 26 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|519.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|241.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93 [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2 [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1 from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4 from two or more races.

There were 39 households, out of which 14 had children under the age of 18 living with them, 20 were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5 had a female householder with no husband present, and 13 were non-families. 8 of all households were made up of individuals, and 3 had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29 under the age of 18, 10 from 18 to 24, 28 from 25 to 44, 23 from 45 to 64, and 9 who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $15,625, and the median income for a family was $40,750. Males had a median income of $42,083 versus $13,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,440. There were 18.5% of families and 23.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 36.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

