==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 833
|1910= 268
|1920= 749
|1930= 169
|1940= 466
|1950= 289
|1960= 150
|1970= 109
|1980= 91
|1990= 53
|2000= 91
|2010= 51
|2020= 43
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 51 people, 32 households, and 17 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|25.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 170 housing units at an average density of {{convert|85.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.9% from two or more races.

There were 32 households, of which 3.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 46.9% were non-families. 43.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 31.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.59 and the average family size was 2.06.

The median age in the town was 68.2 years. 2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 5.9% were from 25 to 44; 31.4% were from 45 to 64; and 56.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 54.9% male and 45.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 91 people, 44 households, and 27 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|45.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 164 housing units at an average density of {{convert|82.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.10% of the population.

There were 44 households, out of which 15.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.36.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.6% under the age of 18, 19.8% from 25 to 44, 30.8% from 45 to 64, and 31.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females there were 152.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 167.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,458, and the median income for a family was $25,625. Males had a median income of $11,250 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,266. There were 20.7% of families and 21.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

