==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 141
|1900= 249
|1910= 450
|1920= 453
|1930= 400
|1940= 361
|1950= 374
|1960= 305
|1970= 352
|1980= 394
|1990= 364
|2000= 370
|2010= 378
|2020= 377
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 378 people, 177 households, and 113 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|663.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 193 housing units at an average density of {{convert|338.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 177 households, of which 24.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.2% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the village was 46.4 years. 19.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 31.4% were from 45 to 64; and 20.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 370 people, 172 households, and 114 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|671.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 191 housing units at an average density of {{convert|346.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.27% from two or more races.

There were 172 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.4% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 24.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $34,375, and the median income for a family was $37,361. Males had a median income of $30,673 versus $22,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,066. About 8.8% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.9% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

