==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,516 people, 1,245 households, and 998 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 98.8 people per square mile (38.2/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 1,272 housing units at an average density of 35.8 per square mile (13.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the township was 97.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.51% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.17% of the population.

There were 1,245 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.8% were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $61,688, and the median income for a family was $65,513. Males had a median income of $43,813 versus $28,854 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $24,801.  About 2.7% of families and 3.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.1% of those under age 18 and 5.0% of those age 65 or over.

