==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 1117
| 2010 = 876
| 2020 = 745
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Bucksport racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4510000&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-15|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|51
|6.85%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|660
|88.59%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|27
|3.62%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|7
|0.94%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 745 people, 280 households, and 163 families residing in the CDP.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,117 people, 359 households, and 285 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|290.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 388 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 2.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 96.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.09% of the population.

There were 359 households, out of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 34.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.6% were non-families. 18.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.11 and the average family size was 3.53.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 32.9% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,038, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $31,618 versus $19,186 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,832. About 14.9% of families and 20.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.6% of those under age 18 and 35.6% of those age 65 or over.

