==Demographics==
===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5556050">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Neopit CDP, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5556050&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=13 July 2022}}</ref> the population was 616. The [[population density]] was {{convert|50.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 209 housing units at an average density of {{convert|17.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the cdp was 97.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.8% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 1.0% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 839 people, 226 households, and 188 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 68.4 people per square mile (26.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 241 housing units at an average density of 19.6/sq&nbsp;mi (7.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 2.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 96.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.72% of the population.

There were 226 households, out of which 49.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 38.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.4% were non-families. 11.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.65 and the average family size was 3.83.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 42.3% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 16.3% from 45 to 64, and 5.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $27,857, and the median income for a family was $26,447. Males had a median income of $21,083 versus $18,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,427. About 24.0% of families and 28.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.7% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.

