==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 110
|1900= 211
|1910= 119
|1920= 121
|1930= 103
|1940= 106
|1950= 94
|1960= 49
|1970= 36
|1980= 50
|1990= 68
|2000= 45
|2010= 24
|2020= 57
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Rampart first appeared on the 1880 U.S. Census as an unincorporated Tinneh village.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Areas, Dwellings, and Families: 1880 |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1880a_v1-17.pdf |url-status=live |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210227035714/http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1880a_v1-17.pdf |archive-date=February 27, 2021 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> It did not appear in 1890, but returned in 1900 following its becoming a mining boom rush town. In 1910, the census divided the unincorporated village into two separate returns: the majority White residents of Rampart (with 83) and the "Native Village" portion of Rampart (with 36). It is listed here as combined for a total of 119.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Supplement for Alaska: Population, Agriculture, Manufactures, Mines and Quarries |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/41033927n358-359ch10.pdf |url-status=live |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20191013110628/https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/41033927n358-359ch10.pdf |archive-date=October 13, 2019 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> From 1920 onwards, census enumerators returned it as one community again. In 1980, it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000,{{update after|2013|7|16}} there were 45 people, 20 households, and 10 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.89% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 6.67% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.22% from two or more races.

There were 20 households, out of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.0% were married couples living together, 20.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 28.9% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 37.8% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 8.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $22,813, and the median income for a family was $23,438. Males had a median income of $53,750 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,438. There were 18.2% of families and 17.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 18.2% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

