==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 294
| 1920 = 285
| 1930 = 313
| 1940 = 319
| 1950 = 328
| 1960 = 329
| 1970 = 427
| 1980 = 495
| 1990 = 449
| 2000 = 439
| 2010 = 374
| 2020 = 287
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 289
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 439 people, 162 households, and 121 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|336.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 202 housing units at an average density of {{convert|154.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 58.31% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 40.77% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 0.91% from two or more races.

There were 162 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.3% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the [[town]] the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.3 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the town was $31,696, and the median income for a family was $32,019. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $16,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,478.  About 8.1% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.4% of those under age 18 and 22.1% of those age 65 or over.

