==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 168
|1930= 261
|1940= 255
|1950= 199
|1960= 224
|1970= 259
|1980= 244
|1990= 224
|2000= 271
|2010= 195
|2020= 184
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html Decennial US Census]
}}
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 271 people, 92 households and 72 families, residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1145.7|PD/sqmi}}. There were 95 housing units at an average density of {{convert|401.6|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.95% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.48% of the population.

There were 92 households, out of which 44.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.7% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone, who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.95 and the average family size was 3.43.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.7% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $45,714 and the median income for a family was $53,333. Males had a median income of $32,237 versus $24,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,439. None of the families and 1.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

