==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 202
|1930= 217
|1940= 193
|1950= 157
|1960= 93
|1970= 86
|1980= 86
|1990= 81
|2000= 75
|2010= 63
|2020= 58
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]] there were 63 people, 29 households, and 14 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|450.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|271.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 98.4% White and 1.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.6%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref>

Of the 29 households 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.9% were married couples living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 51.7% were non-families. 41.4% of households were one person and 17.2% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the village was 45.1 years. 19% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 36.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the village was 55.6% male and 44.4% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 75 people, 34 households, and 21 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|523.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|279.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 100.00% White.<ref name="GR2" />
Of the 34 households 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were married couples living together, and 38.2% were non-families. 38.2% of households were one person and 23.5% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.90.

The age distribution was 22.7% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 22.7% 65 or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 123.1 males.

The median household income was $27,292, and the median family income  was $50,000. Males had a median income of $34,063 versus $18,125 for females. The per capita income for the village was $13,414. There were 7.7% of families and 6.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 19.0% of those over 64.

