==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 396
| 2010 = 421
| 2020 = 425
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 396 people, 135 households, and 112 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|326.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 140 housing units at an average density of {{convert|115.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 15.66% of the population.

There were 135 households, out of which 48.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.9% were married couples living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.3% were non-families. 15.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 34.6% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $50,278. Males had a median income of $37,031 versus $22,115 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,684. About 10.9% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.8% of those under age 18 and 27.0% of those age 65 or over.

