==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 230
|1890= 349
|1900= 316
|1910= 351
|1920= 388
|1930= 372
|1940= 447
|1950= 481
|1960= 466
|1970= 531
|1980= 596
|1990= 547
|2000= 608
|2010= 635
|2020= 624
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="Census 2020"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 635 people, 268 households, and 169 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|920.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 291 housing units at an average density of {{convert|421.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 268 households, of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.9% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 35.6 years. 26.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 24.2% were from 45 to 64; and 16.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 608 people, 257 households, and 160 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|951.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 271 housing units at an average density of {{convert|424.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.96% of the population.

There were 257 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.4% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,313, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,237.  About 9.4% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.3% of those under age 18 and 22.5% of those age 65 or over.

