==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 337
|1940= 291
|1950= 281
|1960= 327
|1970= 314
|1980= 238
|1990= 144
|2000= 167
|2010= 166
|2020= 141
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 167 people, 72 households, and 45 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,036.0 people per square mile (403.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 79 housing units at an average density of 490.1 per square mile (190.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 72.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 27.54% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 72 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 103.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $45,000, and the median income for a family was $50,833. Males had a median income of $36,750 versus $25,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $22,588. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

