==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 1622
|1970= 2720
|1980= 2709
|1990= 2669
|2000= 2558
|2010= 2685
|2020= 2841
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,558 people, 1,037 households, and 779 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 728.8 people per square mile (281.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,092 housing units at an average density of 311.1/sq mi (120.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.51% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.80% of the population.

There were 1,037 households, out of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.8% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 29.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $45,719, and the median income for a family was $50,313. Males had a median income of $41,081 versus $30,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,003. About 6.4% of families and 7.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.8% of those under age 18 and 9.7% of those age 65 or over.

