==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1840= 1896
|1850= 2430
|1860= 2469
|1870= 2952
|1880= 3150
|1890= 2975
|1900= 2998
|1910= 3734
|1920= 4071
|1930= 5969
|1940= 5910
|1950= 6483
|1960= 6475
|1970= 6262
|1980= 5892
|1990= 5624
|2000= 5368
|2010= 5791
|2020= 5641
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=USCensus2020>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/hollidaysburgboroughpennsylvania,US/PST045221|title=United States Census Bureau QuickFacts|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=February 26, 2022}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 5,368 people, 2,224 households, and 1,349 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2,261.0|pd/sqmi}}. There were 2,392 housing units at an average density of {{cvt|1,007.5|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.82% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.48% of the population.

There were 2,224 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.3% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 88.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.8 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $36,758, and the median income for a family was $43,209. Males had a median income of $33,315 versus $24,627 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $20,634. About 5.5% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.9% of those under age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.

