==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 855
|1970= 685
|1980= 630
|1990= 524
|2000= 418
|2010= 424
|2020= 399
|estyear=2021
|estimate=391
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 424 people, 188 households, and 109 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1247.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 221 housing units at an average density of {{convert|650.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.4% from two or more races.

There were 188 households, of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.0% were non-families. 38.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the town was 38.8 years. 21.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 418 people, 186 households, and 124 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,236.6 inhabitants per square mile (474.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 228 housing units at an average density of 674.5 per square mile (258.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.24% from two or more races.

There were 186 households, out of which 21.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 24.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,500, and the median income for a family was $30,833. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $22,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,567. About 21.3% of families and 22.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.7% of those under age 18 and 12.5% of those age 65 or over.

