==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 329
|1880= 288
|1890= 812
|1900= 900
|1910= 1181
|1920= 1383
|1930= 1301
|1940= 1293
|1950= 1380
|1960= 1416
|1970= 1370
|1980= 1416
|1990= 1387
|2000= 1547
|2010= 1486
|2020= 1286
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1326
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,547 people, 623 households, and 414 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|893.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 670 housing units at an average density of {{convert|386.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.65% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.65% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.94% of the population.

There were 623 households, out of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.5% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $36,328. Males had a median income of $27,059 versus $22,214 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,901. About 11.4% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.5% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.

As of 2017, the updated population of Brocton is 1,418.<ref>United States census bureau</ref>

