==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 797 people, 336 households, and 233 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 700.1 people per square mile (269.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 372 housing units at an average density of 326.8/sq&nbsp;mi (126.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.41% of the population.

There were 336 households, out of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 18.9% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 24.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $30,588, and the median income for a family was $35,313. Males had a median income of $31,607 versus $21,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,448. About 13.4% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 49.6% of those under age 18 and 2.6% of those age 65 or over.

