==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 297
| 1930 = 193
| 1940 = 217
| 1950 = 199
| 1960 = 154
| 1970 = 135
| 1980 = 112
| 1990 = 96
| 2000 = 100
| 2010 = 69
| 2020 = 69
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 64
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 100 people, 44 households, and 23 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 154.4/km{{sup|2}} (396.7/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 50 housing units at an average density of 77.2/km{{sup|2}} (198.3/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 4.00% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]]. 3.00% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 44 households, out of which 20.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.5% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.0% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 28.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,000, and the median income for a family was $29,792. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $13,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,725. There were 22.2% of families and 36.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 22.7% of under eighteens and 85.0% of those over 64.

