==Demographics==
|2020= 9224
{{US Census population
|2000=2820
|2010=5565
|2020=9224
|float=
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<br />2010<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Crozet CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US5120560&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Crozet CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US5120560&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
|align=left}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2011-05-14 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 5,565 people, 2,119 households, and 1,522 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 1,504.1 people per square mile (573.7/km{{sup|2}}). There were 2,229 housing units at an average density of 602.4/sq&nbsp;mi (229.8/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], 0.5% Guamanian, and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 2,119 households, out of which 40.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no spouse present, and 28.2% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.8% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 88 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $68,608, and the median income for a family was $85,976. Males had a median income of $53,415 versus $41,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $32,266. About 4.6% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.2% of those under age 18 and 14.4% of those age 65 or over.

