==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=149
|2020=133
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Stonyford first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Stonyford had a population of 133. The population density was {{convert|94.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Stonyford was 95 (71.4%) [[White Americans|White]], 10 (7.5%) [[African Americans|African American]], 5 (3.8%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1 (0.8%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 1 (0.8%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 5 (3.8%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 16 (12.0%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 19 persons (14.3%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Stonyford CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0675154 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 24, 2025}}</ref>

The census reported that 121 people (91.0% of the population) lived in households, 12 (9.0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and no one was institutionalized.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 52 households, out of which 13 (25.0%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 23 (44.2%) were married-couple households, 2 (3.8%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 20 (38.5%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 7 (13.5%) had a male householder with no partner present. 25 households (48.1%) were one person, and 18 (34.6%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.33.<ref name=DP1/> There were 25 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (48.1% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Stonyford CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0675154 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 24, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 26 people (19.5%) under the age of 18, 8 people (6.0%) aged 18 to 24, 20 people (15.0%) aged 25 to 44, 43 people (32.3%) aged 45 to 64, and 36 people (27.1%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 58.1{{nbsp}}years.    There were 63 males and 70 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|61.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 52 (60.5%) were occupied. Of these, 40 (76.9%) were owner-occupied, and 12 (23.1%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

