==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 2684
|1890= 3179
|1900= 4241
|1910= 5421
|1920= 5927
|1930= 7417
|1940= 8804
|1950= 8740
|1960= 8818
|1970= 8334
|1980= 7994
|1990= 8152
|2000= 9212
|2010= 9870
|2020= 9986
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=October 3, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20141003185009/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 9,870 people, 3,181 households, and 2,239 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|4,054.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 3,253 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,431.8|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 61.0% [[white American|White]], 6.2% [[African American (U.S. census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], <0.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 23.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 51.0% of the population, many of whom are [[Ecuadorian American|Ecuadorian]], [[Dominican American|Dominican]], [[Chilean American|Chilean]], and [[Puerto Rican American|Puerto Rican]]. Sleepy Hollow has one of the highest proportions of Ecuadorian American residents of any community nationwide, standing at 17.5% as of the 2010 census.

There were 3,181 households, out of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were married couples living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.6% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.89 and the average family size was 3.37.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 36.7% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $54,201, and the median income for a family was $63,889. Males had a median income of $39,923 versus $32,146 for females. The per capita income for the village was $28,325. About 5.7% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.3% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

