==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 292
|1930= 384
|1940= 396
|1950= 454
|1960= 452
|1970= 393
|1980= 408
|1990= 357
|2000= 269
|2010= 225
|2020= 244
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 14, 2016}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 225 people, 109 households, and 65 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|562.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|417.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.4% from two or more races.

There were 109 households, of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.4% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the town was 48.1 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.8% were from 25 to 44; 34.8% were from 45 to 64; and 18.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 269 people, 120 households, and 72 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|658.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 165 housing units at an average density of {{convert|404.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.37% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.37% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 3.35% from two or more races.

There were 120 households, out of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 22.3% from 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 116.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $35,694. Males had a median income of $26,000 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,405. About 7.2% of families and 7.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 3.4% of those 65 or over.

