==Demographics==
As of the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> 5,064 people, 1,854 households, and 1,379 families resided in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,646.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,927 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,387.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 96.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.24% of the population.

{{US Census population
|1880= 1705
|1890= 2261
|1900= 2264
|1910= 2930
|1920= 3290
|1930= 3542
|1940= 3313
|1950= 3158
|1960= 3025
|1970= 3196
|1980= 3481
|1990= 4222
|2000= 5064
|2010= 5163
|2020= 5106
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR2" /><ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

There were 1,854 households, out of which 41.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.6% were non-families. A total of 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73, and the average family size was 3.18.

The population was diverse in the borough, with 29.2% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 33.4% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% aged 65 years or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.4 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $53,932, and the median income for a family was $58,542. Males had a median income of $39,875 versus $26,705 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $20,890. About 1.4% of families and 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.1% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

