==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 421
|1930= 516
|1940= 497
|1950= 780
|1960= 1035
|1970= 1532
|1980= 1900
|1990= 1771
|2000= 1997
|2010= 2196
|2020= 2471
| estyear = 2024
| estimate = 2584
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2023-POP-47.xlsx |date=May 16, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 16, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+White Pine racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4780360&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 27, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,998
| 80.86%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 31
| 1.25%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 4
| 0.16%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 21
| 0.85%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 8
| 0.32%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 97
| 3.93%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 312
| 12.63%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 2,471 people, 852 households, and 509 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,997 people, 828 households, and 579 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|786.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 886 housing units at an average density of {{convert|349.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.90% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.50% of the population.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,078, and the median income for a family was $31,464. Males had a median income of $26,944 versus $22,989 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,605. About 14.7% of families and 19.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.4% of those under age 18 and 20.1% of those age 65 or over.

