==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 834
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
{{See also|List of Massachusetts locations by per capita income}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 925 people, 459 households, and 212 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 165.3/km{{sup|2}} (427.9/mi{{sup|2}}). There were 942 housing units at an average density of 168.4/km{{sup|2}} (435.8/mi{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.62% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.84% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.97% of the population.

There were 459 households, out of which 14.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 53.6% were non-families. 40.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.58.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 13.5% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 27.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there are 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $47,604, and the median income for a family was $57,969. Males had a median income of $31,964 versus $31,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $30,752. None of the families and 5.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under 18 and 6.4% of those over 64.

