==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1627
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,752 people, 826 households, and 327 families residing in the hamlet. The population density was {{convert|2,506.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 846 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,210.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the hamlet was 92.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.97% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.54% of the population.

There were 826 households, out of which 13.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 60.3% were non-families. 59.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 44.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.79 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the hamlet the population was spread out, with 12.8% under the age of 18, 2.5% from 18 to 24, 16.0% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 46.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 63 years. For every 100 females, there were 70.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 66.3 males.

The median income for a household in the hamlet was $30,375, and the median income for a family was $86,598. Males had a median income of $58,571 versus $55,081 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the hamlet was $29,643. About 4.5% of families and 5.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 9.9% of those age 65 or over.

