==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 462
|1930= 704
|1940= 883
|1950= 871
|1960= 1000
|1970= 889
|1980= 822
|1990= 1002
|2000= 1081
|2010= 1299
|2020= 1279
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+West Jefferson racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3772540&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-20|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,079
| 84.36%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 18
| 1.41%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 4
| 0.31%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 10
| 0.78%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 29
| 2.27%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 139
| 10.87%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,279 people, 663 households, and 333 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,081 people, 527 households, and 290 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|619.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 601 housing units at an average density of {{convert|344.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.04% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.83% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.27% of the population.

There were 527 households, out of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.8% were non-families. 41.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 23.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,479, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $22,800 versus $18,819 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,799. About 11.2% of families and 18.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of those under age 18 and 16.9% of those age 65 or over.

