==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 566
|1930= 920
|1940= 985
|1950= 2408
|1960= 649
|1970= 1826
|1980= 1983
|1990= 1681
|2000= 1545
|2010= 1505
|2020= 1190
|estref=<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=Rainelle,%20WV&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P1|date=June 2, 2022|title=Census data|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 2, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,505 people, 675 households, and 387 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1355.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 806 housing units at an average density of {{convert|726.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. 4The racial makeup of the town was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 675 households, of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.7% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the town was 45.3 years. 19.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 23.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 44.7% male and 55.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,545 people, 696 households, and 421 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,402.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|inhabitants&nbsp;|inhabitants}}. There were 802 housing units at an average density of {{convert|727.9|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.71% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.65% of the population.

There were 696 households, out of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.5% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.4% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 26.7% from 45 to 64, and 24.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,491, and the median income for a family was $26,528. Males had a median income of $22,000 versus $14,900 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,069. About 23.8% of families and 28.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.3% of those under age 18 and 14.9% of those age 65 or over.

