==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 238
|1920= 288
|1930= 263
|1940= 263
|1950= 251
|1960= 230
|1970= 264
|1980= 271
|1990= 267
|2000= 177
|2010= 179
|2020= 127
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 177 people, 70 households, and 46 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|170.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|80.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 54.8 percent [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 41.24 percent [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.69 percent from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.26 percent from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.26 percent of the population.

There were 70 households, out of which 30 percent had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7 percent were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7 percent had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9 percent were non-families. Some 24.3 percent of all households were made up of individuals, and 10 percent had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.2 percent under the age of 18, 9.6 percent from 18 to 24, 29.9 percent from 25 to 44, 19.8 percent from 45 to 64, and 17.5 percent who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 124.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $45,000, and the median income for a family was $49,000. Males had a median income of $24,688 versus $25,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,524. About 2.1 percent of families and 9.7 percent of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.9 percent of those under the age of 18 and 14.3 percent of those 65 or over.

