==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 449
|2010= 418
|2020= 378
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 449 people, 177 households and 109 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|760.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 193 housing units at an average density of {{convert|327.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.00% from two or more races.

There were 177 households, of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.4% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.99.

19.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 24.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $29,063 and the median family income was $38,750. Males had a median income of $36,528 compared with $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,309. About 6.9% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.3% of those under age 18 and 9.7% of those age 65 or over.

