==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 387
|1930= 579
|1940= 613
|1950= 753
|1960= 1033
|1970= 1197
|1980= 1051
|1990= 973
|2000= 1062
|2010= 1090
|2020= 1228
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-03-04|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref>
}}

As of the 2010 census, Bally had a population of 1090.  The median age was 41.9.  The racial and ethnic composition of the population was 96.8% non-Hispanic white, 0.6% black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 0.6% Asian, 0.8% reporting two or more races and 1.4% Hispanic or Latino.<ref>[https://archive.today/20190521214830/https://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_DP_DPDP1&prodType=table profile of general population and housing characteristics of Bally in 2010 from the US census]</ref>

As of the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 1,062 people, 413 households, and 304 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,030.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 426 housing units at an average density of {{convert|814.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.47% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.28% of the population.

There were 413 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.2% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $49,063, and the median income for a family was $56,406. Males had a median income of $37,750 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $24,537. About 0.7% of families and 1.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

