==Demographics==
{{stack|{{US Census population
| 1980 = 561
| 1990 = 750
| 2000 = 1011
| 2010 = 1096
| 2020 = 1189
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Ransom Canyon racial composition'''<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4860672&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 20, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (''NH = Non-Hispanic''){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|956
|80.4%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|18
|1.51%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|0.08%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|6
|0.5%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|1
|0.08%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|52
|4.37%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|155
|13.04%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''1,189'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,189 people, 400 households, and 309 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,011 people, 404 households, and 338 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,213|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 412 housing units at an average density of {{convert|494|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.85% of the population.

There were 404 households, out of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.1% were non-families. 14.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.0% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 36.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $78,427, and the median income for a family was $85,944. Males had a median income of $50,000 versus $34,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $45,675. None of the families and 0.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 0.7% of those over 64.

