==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 310
|1930= 401
|1940= 425
|1950= 539
|1960= 650
|1970= 599
|1980= 579
|1990= 560
|2000= 551
|2010= 518
|2020= 464
|estyear=2021
|estimate=468
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=August 21, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 21, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 518 people, 250 households, and 120 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1057.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 280 housing units at an average density of {{convert|571.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 250 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 52.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the city was 50.8 years. 20.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 23% were from 45 to 64; and 33.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 43.2% male and 56.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 551 people, 237 households, and 127 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,239.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 259 housing units at an average density of {{convert|582.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.73% of the population.

There were 237 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.0% were non-families. 42.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.9% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 18.9% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 34.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 71.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,091, and the median income for a family was $32,614. Males had a median income of $31,029 versus $16,094 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,052.  About 6.8% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.2% of those under age 18 and 14.0% of those age 65 or over.

