==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 600
|2020= 863
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
When Loch Lloyd incorporated, its population was 136. The United States census reported it had a population of 368 and 175 housing units in September 2005.<ref>[https://www.census.gov/mso/www/certification/GUPCPlist05.pdf]{{dead link|date=July 2018}}</ref> When the village filed the paperwork to incorporate, they said they wanted to incorporate as an independent village rather than being annexed by Kansas City or Belton.<ref>{{cite web |url=http://www.house.mo.gov/bills03/bilsum/commit/sHB166C.htm |title=Hb166C-Incorporation of Cities |accessdate=July 22, 2007 |url-status=dead |archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20041114160455/http://www.house.mo.gov/bills03/bilsum/commit/sHB166C.HTM |archivedate=November 14, 2004 }}</ref>

===2010 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 600 people, 252 households, and 220 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|342.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 279 housing units at an average density of {{convert|159.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 252 households, of which 17.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 83.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 12.7% were non-families. 9.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.55.

The median age in the village was 55.5 years. 14.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.7% were from 25 to 44; 44.5% were from 45 to 64; and 25.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

