==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 1743
|1970= 1773
|1980= 1752
|1990= 1376
|2000= 1298
|2010= 947
|2020= 1040
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,298 people, 519 households, and 319 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,264.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 635 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,107.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 82.36% [[White American|White]], 9.94% [[African American]], 1.39% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.00% [[Asian American|Asian]], 0.08% [[Pacific Islander American|Pacific Islander]], 2.16% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|other races]], and 3.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanics in the United States|Hispanics or Latinos]] of any race were 7.01% of the population.

There were 519 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.12.

The age distribution was 28.2% under the age of 18, 13.6% from 18 to 24, 34.7% from 25 to 44, 16.4% from 45 to 64, and 7.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,712, and the median income for a family was $31,625. Males had a median income of $27,955 versus $20,450 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,318. About 19.5% of families and 20.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.6% of those under age 18 and 23.9% of those age 65 or over.

