==Demographics==

===2018 census===
As of the [[census]] in 2018, the town of West Baden Springs resided 475 people. As of right now [when?], the results of the number of the town's households and families have not been released. The median age of West Baden Springs was 47.5 years of age. The [[Median income|median household income]] of the small town was $41,458. Between 2017 and 2018 the town's population shrunk from 526 to 475: a -9.7% decrease. The five most represented ethnic groups in West Baden Springs were as follows in descending order: [[White Americans|White]] (90.3%), [[African Americans|Black or African American]] (3.16%), [[Hispanic]] (1.89%), and [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]] (1.47%). The average property value of West Baden is $91,600. The [[Home ownership rate|homeownership rate]] is 67.6%. The majority of West Baden Springs residents commute by driving alone and the average [[Commuting|commute]] time is 17.9 minutes. The average number of cars per household in West Baden Springs is two cars. {{US Census population
|1910= 746
|1920= 832
|1930= 1174
|1940= 949
|1950= 1047
|1960= 879
|1970= 930
|1980= 796
|1990= 675
|2000= 618
|2010= 574
|2020= 541
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 574 people, 251 households, and 149 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|526.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 303 housing units at an average density of {{convert|278.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 251 households, of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.6% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the town was 40.4 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 618 people, 263 households, and 175 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|577.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 292 housing units at an average density of {{convert|273.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.81% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.81% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.07% of the population.

There were 263 households, out of which 24.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,750, and the median income for a family was $40,357. Males had a median income of $29,444 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,532. About 10.3% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.8% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.

