==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 196
|1890= 275
|1900= 277
|1910= 308
|1920= 333
|1930= 254
|1940= 289
|1950= 312
|1960= 371
|1970= 403
|1980= 348
|1990= 376
|2000= 315
|2010= 319
|2020= 316
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census]],<ref name ="censusgov2020">{{cite web|title=Zip Atlas website|url=https://zipatlas.com/us/mi/casnovia.htm|publisher=[[Zip Atlas]]|access-date=May 9, 2024}}</ref> the village had a population of 316 people. The racial makeup was 70.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]], 2.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 18.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 22.7% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 319 people, 121 households, and 94 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|295.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 131 housing units at an average density of {{convert|121.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.6% of the population.

There were 121 households, of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.3% were non-families. 15.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the village was 41.9 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 32.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 315 people, 122 households, and 91 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|287.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|115.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.32% of the population.

There were 122 households, out of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.4% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,019, and the median income for a family was $47,188. Males had a median income of $36,563 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,962. About 1.2% of families and 4.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.8% of those under age 18 and 5.1% of those age 65 or over.

