==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 948
| 1890 = 1015
| 1900 = 1738
| 1910 = 2082
| 1920 = 1911
| 1930 = 2202
| 1940 = 2652
| 1950 = 3384
| 1960 = 3855
| 1970 = 4023
| 1980 = 3656
| 1990 = 3353
| 2000 = 3357
| 2010 = 3167
| 2020 = 3243
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,167 people, 1,406 households, and 862 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1282.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,702 housing units at an average density of {{convert|689.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 1,406 households, of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.7% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 44.6 years. 21% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000 there were 3,357 people, 1,493 households, and 900 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,374.9 people per square mile (531.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,632 housing units at an average density of 668.4 per square mile (258.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.51% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.98% of the population.

There were 1,493 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.7% were non-families. 35.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 22.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,029, and the median income for a family was $46,552. Males had a median income of $30,349 versus $22,650 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,043. About 3.4% of families and 5.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.1% of those under age 18 and 6.4% of those age 65 or over.

