==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 762 
|2010= 823 
|2020= 767
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 762 people, 302 households, and 205 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|79.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 811 housing units at an average density of {{convert|84.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.79% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.57% of the population.

There were 302 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.8% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 29.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.9 males.

