==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1890|526
|1900|773
|1910|875
|1920|1142
|1930|1032
|1940|1040
|1950|1035
|1960|939
|1970|943
|1980|1020
|1990|898
|2000|839
|2010|776
|2020|775
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 775 people, 328 households, and 204 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 728.8 inhabitants per square mile (281.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 368 housing units at an average density of 346.1 per square mile (133.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 88.9% [[White Americans|White]], 0.1% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 4.9% from other races and 5.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 8.0% of the population.

Of the 328 households, 25.0% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% were cohabitating couples, 24.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 18.3% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 37.8% of all households were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 46.1 years. 24.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 5.3% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 20.4% were from 25 and 44; 26.8% were from 45 and 64; and 23.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 776 people, 337 households, and 214 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|753.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 369 housing units at an average density of {{convert|358.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 337 households, of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.5% were non-families. 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the city was 47.7 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 26.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 839 people, 337 households, and 222 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,059.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 369 housing units at an average density of {{convert|465.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[African American (U.S. census)|African American]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.48% of the population.

There were 337 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 27.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.2 males.

The median income for a household was $31,146, and the median income for a family was $37,625. Males had a median income of $27,292 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,011. About 10.5% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.2% of those under age 18 and 7.0% of those age 65 or over.

