==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 315
|1910= 345
|1920= 294
|1930= 253
|1940= 266
|1950= 238
|1960= 179
|1970= 213
|1980= 219
|1990= 130
|2000= 233
|2010= 193
|2020= 211
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 193 people, 86 households, and 56 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|622.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 105 housing units at an average density of {{convert|338.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 86 households, of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.9% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the village was 43.5 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.9% were from 45 to 64; and 22.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 233 people, 100 households, and 67 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|754.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|359.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.43% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.29% of the population.

There were 100 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,417, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $13,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,281. About 26.8% of families and 32.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 53.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.9% of those 65 or over.

