==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 221
|1910= 621
|1920= 551
|1930= 579
|1940= 614
|1950= 733
|1960= 692
|1970= 903
|1980= 1054
|1990= 1139
|2000= 1244
|2010= 1347
|2020= 1349
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,347 people, 578 households, and 356 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1202.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 635 housing units at an average density of {{convert|567.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.64% of the population.

There were 578 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.4% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the city was 41.6 years. 21.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.8% were from 25 to 44; 22.8% were from 45 to 64; and 24.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,244 people, 544 households, and 348 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,428.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 593 housing units at an average density of {{convert|681.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.32% of the population.

There were 544 households, out of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.0% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.80. It was reported that in Advance, 0.2% of all households contain lesbians.

For people in the city aged 15 and over, 55.0% were married, 9.9% were divorced, 14.8% were single, never married, 19.0% were widowed, and 1.3% were separated.

In the city the population was spread out, with 19.6% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 26.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 69.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,734, and the median income for a family was $38,167. Males had a median income of $27,833 versus $19,702 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,036. About 8.1% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.6% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.

