==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 49 people, 17 households, and 14 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.9|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.12% of the population.

There were 17 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 82.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.8% were non-families. 11.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 32.7% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 140.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $80,216, and the median income for a family was $81,998. Males had a median income of $53,750 versus $25,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $37,833. None of the population or the families were below the [[poverty line]].

