==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 418
|1950= 702
|1960= 986
|1970= 619
|1980= 826
|1990= 643
|2000= 698
|2010= 735
|2020= 635
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

As of the [[2000 United States census|census of 2000]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 698 people, 285 households, and 202 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,322.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 326 housing units at an average density of {{convert|617.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.86% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.87% of the population.

There were 285 households, out of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.8% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.0 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $32,813. Males had a median income of $28,333 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,015. About 8.9% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.9% of those under age 18 and 16.0% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear|left}}

