==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 535
|1920= 578
|1930= 502
|1940= 549
|1950= 509
|1960= 461
|1970= 530
|1980= 566
|1990= 561
|2000= 538
|2010= 511
|2020= 559
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 511 people, 209 households, and 134 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|623.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 245 housing units at an average density of {{convert|298.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 209 households, of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were married couples living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.9% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the town was 38.7 years. 26.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.7% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 538 people, 218 households, and 136 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|659.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 237 housing units at an average density of {{convert|290.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.93% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.19% of the population.

There were 218 households, out of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were married couples living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.2% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 11.2% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 17.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,438, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $29,250 versus $22,273 for females. The per capita income for the town was $12,815. About 13.7% of families and 16.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 27.3% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.

