==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1970= 781
|1980= 842
|1990= 800
|2000= 739
|2010= 629
|2020= 598
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
<!--At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 739 people, 322 households and 200 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1555.2|/sqmi}}.  There were 376 housing units at an average density of {{convert|791.3|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up of the town was 60.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 29.50% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] and 7.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 88.77% of the population.

There were 322 households, of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.7% were married couples living together, 16.8% had a female householder with no husband present and 37.6% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.94.

23.4% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 21.7% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64 and 19.8% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.9 males.

The [[median household income]] was $14,213 and the median family income was $20,875. Males had a median income of $20,156 and females $13,333. The per capita income was $8,887. About 29.9% of families and 34.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 41.1% of those under age 18 and 21.2% of those age 65 or over.-->{{clear}}

