==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 33
|1970= 34
|1980= 101
|1990= 101
|2000= 208
|2010= 144
|2020= 129
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 144 people, 59 households, and 33 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|194.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|145.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.9% of the population.

There were 59 households, of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.1% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the village was 46 years. 21.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 31.2% were from 45 to 64; and 20.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 208 people, 101 households, and 56 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|268.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 144 housing units at an average density of {{convert|185.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.96% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.48% from two or more races.

There were 101 households, out of which 22.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.6% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.68.

In the town the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,167, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $12,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,060. About 24.1% of families and 26.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 69.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.0% of those 65 or over.

