==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 269
|1960= 292
|1970= 377
|1980= 378
|1990= 325
|2000= 264
|2010= 258
|2020= 250
|estyear=2023
|estimate=249
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 258 people, 105 households, and 65 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1720.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|753.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 105 households, of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the village was 35.7 years. 27.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.4% were from 25 to 44; 22.5% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 264 people, 94 households, and 65 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,756.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 100 housing units at an average density of {{convert|665.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.14% of the population.

There were 94 households, out of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.7% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,500, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $30,313 versus $20,714 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,803. About 5.4% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.1% of those 65 or over.

