==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 713
|1920= 731
|1930= 738
|1940= 902
|1950= 917
|1960= 920
|1970= 815
|1980= 761
|1990= 655
|2000= 625
|2010= 479
|2020= 462
|estyear=2022
|estimate=458
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 7, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 7, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 479 people, 236 households, and 138 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1064.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 289 housing units at an average density of {{convert|642.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.8% from two or more races.

There were 236 households, of which 17.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.5% were non-families. 37.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.62.

The median age in the city was 52.7 years. 17.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.7% were from 25 to 44; 32.3% were from 45 to 64; and 30.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 625 people, 279 households, and 171 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,378.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 306 housing units at an average density of {{convert|674.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.16% of the population.

There were 279 households, out of which 24.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,750, and the median income for a family was $38,304. Males had a median income of $26,111 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,303. About 8.2% of families and 10.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.9% of those under age 18 and 17.4% of those age 65 or over.

