==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,936 people, 804 households, and 567 families residing in the CDP.

The population density was {{convert|927.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 860 housing units at an average density of {{convert|412.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.10% of the population.

There were 804 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 19.1% under the age of eighteen, 7.0% from eighteen to twenty-four, 28.6% from twenty-five to forty-four, 27.3% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 18.1% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was forty-two years.

For every one hundred females, there were 97.3 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 94.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,454, and the median income for a family was $48,558. Males had a median income of $36,356 compared with that of $21,778 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,432.

Roughly 1.2% of families and 3.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 5.0% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 11.0% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

