==Demographics==
{{update|section|date=November 2025|reason=Newer information is available from the 2020 census report}}
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 295
| 1890 = 616
| 1900 = 1035
| 1910 = 1159
| 1920 = 1383
| 1930 = 1341
| 1940 = 1592
| 1950 = 1696
| 1960 = 1747
| 1970 = 1861
| 1980 = 2212
| 1990 = 2378
| 2000 = 2387
| 2010 = 2497
| 2020 = 2764
| 2020n =<ref name="2020 Census"/>
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{fv|date=October 2025|reason=No mention of Fennimore at the given link}}
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="2020 Census"/> of 2020, there were 2,764 people, and 1,174 households in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,600|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4 [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], 4.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,497 people, 1,053 households, and 647 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1541.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,145 housing units at an average density of {{convert|706.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 1,053 households, of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.6% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 36.7 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 23.4% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 2,387 people, 1,021 households, and 622 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,610.5 people per square mile (622.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,068 housing units at an average density of 278.6 persons/km<sup>2</sup> (720.6 persons/sq&nbsp;mi). The racial makeup of the city was 99.12% White, 0.08% [[African American]], 0.08% [[Native Americans of the United States|Native American]], 0.21% [[Asia]]n, 0.00% Pacific Islander, 0.34% from other races, and 0.17% from two or more races.  0.75% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,021 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% have a woman whose husband does not live with her, and 39.0% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,453, and the median income for a family was $42,287. Males had a median income of $33,095 versus $20,274 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,701. 7.9% of the population and 4.1% of families were below the poverty line. Out of the total people living in poverty, 8.4% are under the age of 18 and 7.8% are 65 or older.

