==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 246
|1920= 302
|1930= 312
|1940= 295
|1950= 229
|1960= 223
|1970= 193
|1980= 210
|1990= 197
|2000= 157
|2010= 117
|2020= 100
|estyear=2022
|estimate=99
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 24, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 24, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 15, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 117 people, 49 households, and 34 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|835.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{convert|528.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 86.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 49 households, of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the city was 40.9 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.7% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 157 people, 60 households, and 46 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,120.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 89 housing units at an average density of {{convert|634.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.64% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.64% of the population.

There were 60 households, out of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.3% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $35,208. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $16,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,278. About 8.1% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.1% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

