==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 170
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 122 people, 51 households, and 31 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|103.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 143 housing units at an average density of {{convert|121.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 64.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 32.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.92% of the population.

There were 51 households, out of which 39.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.2% were non-families. 37.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.26.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 34.4% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 34.4% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 7.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 159.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 158.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,250, and the median income for a family was $24,333. Males had a median income of $16,250 versus $12,045 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,692. There were 68.2% of families and 50.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 55.1% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

