==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 167
|1980= 140
|1990= 157
|2000= 151
|2010= 125
|2020= 137
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 125 people, 55 households, and 38 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|781.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|381.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 55 households, of which 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.9% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the town was 48.5 years. 23.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 27.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 151 people, 62 households, and 46 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,014.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|423.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 62 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.2% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 25.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $42,188, and the median income for a family was $43,125. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,458. About 4.0% of families and 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of 18 and 9.5% of those 65 and older.

