==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 525
|1920= 648
|1930= 520
|1940= 469
|1950= 393
|1960= 345
|1970= 294
|1980= 481
|1990= 575
|2000= 678
|2010= 1034
|2020= 1173
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 678 people, 194 households, and 170 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 88.5 people per square mile (34.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 198 housing units at an average density of 25.8 per square mile (10.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.28% of the population.

There were 194 households, out of which 47.4% had children under 18 living with them, 76.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.9% were non-families. 11.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.49, and the average family size was 3.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 37.9% under 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.3 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 110.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $46,406, and the median income for a family was $52,292. Males had a median income of $37,500 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,233. About 3.4% of families and 4.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.2% of those under age 18 and 7.4% of those aged 65 or over.

