==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 272
|1950= 239
|1960= 214
|1970= 124
|1980= 114
|1990= 134
|2000= 139
|2010= 115
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020= 114
|2020n= <ref>{{cite web |title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=2025-09-16}}</ref>
|estyear= 2024
|estimate= 123
|estref= <ref>{{cite web |title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=2025-09-16}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 115 people, 43 households, and 30 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|958.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|408.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup was 84.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 20.0% of the population.

There were 43 households, of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.2% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age was 40.8 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 30.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup was 53.9% male and 46.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 139 people, 49 households, and 36 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|939.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|344.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 91.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.76% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.47% of the population.

There were 49 households, out of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.39.

The population was spread out, with 32.4% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 17.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.3 males.

The median household income was $23,929, and the median family income was $25,313. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $9,934. There were 12.8% of families and 15.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 25.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

