==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 673
| 1930 = 761
| 1940 = 794
| 1950 = 874
| 1960 = 927
| 1970 = 969
| 1980 = 901
| 1990 = 996
| 2000 = 1107
| 2010 = 1118
| 2020 = 920
| estyear = 2022
| estimate = 928
| estref = <ref>{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2022/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2022-POP-37.xlsx |title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places in North Carolina: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2022|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=April 19, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Norlina racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3747240&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 23, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 362
| 39.35%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 472
| 51.3%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 6
| 0.65%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.22%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.11%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 37
| 4.02%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 40
| 4.35%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 920 people, 537 households, and 266 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,107 people, 482 households, and 300 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|986.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 534 housing units at an average density of {{convert|475.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 57.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 41.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.36% of the population.<ref name="GR2" />

There were 482 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.6% were non-families. 34.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.96.<ref name="GR2" />

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.0 males.<ref name="GR2" />

The median income for a household in the town was $25,300, and the median income for a family was $28,125. Males had a median income of $23,182 versus $21,354 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,355. About 12.9% of families and 18.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.9% of those under age 18 and 23.4% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="GR2" />

