==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 67
|1900= 377
|1910= 592
|1920= 637
|1930= 700
|1940= 1138
|1950= 1463
|1960= 1432
|1970= 1471
|1980= 1429
|1990= 1131
|2000= 1057
|2010= 996
|2020= 893
|estyear=2024
|estimate=867
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 26, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 996 people, 439 households, and 263 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|948.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 515 housing units at an average density of {{convert|490.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 88.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 8.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 1.7% of the population.<ref name="2020 Census (City)" />

There were 439 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.1% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.88.<ref name="2020 Census (City)" />

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.2% were from 25 to 44; 29.7% were from 45 to 64; and 20.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.<ref name="2020 Census (City)" />

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 1,057 people, 452 households, and 271 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,004.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 556 housing units at an average density of {{convert|528.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.96% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 0.85% of the population.

There were 452 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 23.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $28,095 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,894. About 9.7% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under age 18 and 14.2% of those age 65 or over.

