==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 93
|1910= 343
|1920= 364
|1930= 431
|1940= 392
|1950= 414
|1960= 575
|1970= 668
|1980= 779
|1990= 804
|2000= 886
|2010= 939
|2020= 938
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
Riley is part of the [[Manhattan, Kansas]] [[Manhattan metropolitan area|Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> there were 939 people, 363 households, and 251 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1956.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 406 housing units at an average density of {{convert|845.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 363 households, of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.9% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the city was 34 years. 29.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.1% were from 25 to 44; 24.8% were from 45 to 64; and 9.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 886 people, 337 households, and 241 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,170.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 376 housing units at an average density of {{convert|921.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.79% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.69% of the population.

There were 337 households, out of which 40.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.3% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,794, and the median income for a family was $37,955. Males had a median income of $26,528 versus $19,318 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,164. About 8.7% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.0% of those under age 18 and 3.4% of those age 65 or over.

