==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2011-05-14|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
| 2000 = 1303
| 2010 = 1311
| 2020 = 1309
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,303 people, 510 households and 403 families living in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 305.0 per square mile (117.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 540 housing units at an average density of 126.4/sq&nbsp;mi (48.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.23% of the population.

There were 510 households, of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.8% were non-families. 18.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.86.

23.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 28.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 94.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $42,614 and the median family income was $49,808. Males had a median income of $40,474 and females $24,489. The [[per capita income]] CDP was $19,656. About 9.5% of families and 8.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.5% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.

