==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 76 people, 35 households, and 22 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|106.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|58.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.30% of the population.

There were 35 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.4% under the age of 18, 1.3% from 18 to 24, 35.1% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $14,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,414. There were no families and 5.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 22.2% of those over 64.

