==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 208
|1890= 340
|1900= 518
|1910= 445
|1920= 450
|1930= 435
|1940= 526
|1950= 609
|1960= 697
|1970= 711
|1980= 744
|1990= 681
|2000= 681
|2010= 687
|2020= 661
|estyear=2021
|estimate=652
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 16, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 17, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 12, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 687 people, 295 households, and 192 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|413.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 331 housing units at an average density of {{convert|199.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 295 households, of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.9% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 41.1 years. 22.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 16.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 681 people, 297 households, and 196 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|431.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 316 housing units at an average density of {{convert|200.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.59% of the population.

There were 297 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,896, and the median income for a family was $44,091. Males had a median income of $32,105 versus $19,844 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,609.  About 2.0% of families and 4.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.3% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.

