==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|89
|1910|207
|1920|294
|1930|259
|1940|260
|1950|255
|1960|271
|1970|275
|1980|317
|1990|301
|2000|273
|2010|279
|2020|267
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 267 people, 118 households, and 80 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,321.3 inhabitants per square mile (510.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 124 housing units at an average density of 613.6 per square mile (236.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 87.3% [[White Americans|White]], 3.7% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.4% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 4.5% from other races and 4.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 7.9% of the population.

Of the 118 households, 22.9% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% were cohabitating couples, 17.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 16.9% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 32.2% of all households were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 40.3 years. 28.1% of the residents were under the age of 20; 2.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 and 44; 20.2% were from 45 and 64; and 26.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.1% male and 53.9% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 279 people, 121 households, and 77 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1328.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 134 housing units at an average density of {{convert|638.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.1% of the population.

There were 121 households, of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the city was 46.6 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 28.3% were from 45 to 64; and 22.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.0% male and 48.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 273 people, 126 households, and 75 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,337.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 136 housing units at an average density of {{convert|666.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.56% of the population.

There were 126 households, out of which 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.7% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 17.9% from 25 to 44, 29.3% from 45 to 64, and 23.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,429, and the median income for a family was $34,861. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,061. About 11.3% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.9% of those 65 or over.

