==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 953
|2010= 678
|2020= 571
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 953 people, 236 households, and 206 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|550.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 287 housing units at an average density of {{convert|165.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 40.9% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 53.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races.  93.8% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 236 households, out of which 61.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 12.7% were non-families. 11.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 4.04 and the average family size was 4.39.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 39.3% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 15.8% from 45 to 64, and 6.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $21,000, and the median income for a family was $21,000. Males had a median income of $18,365 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $6,562.  About 41.7% of families and 45.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 51.8% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

