==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 605
|1910= 685
|1920= 703
|1930= 912
|1940= 669
|1950= 378
|1960= 419
|1970= 338
|1980= 334
|1990= 241
|2000= 228
|2010= 226
|2020= 166
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 228 people, 104 households, and 63 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|704.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|376.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.95% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.51% of the population.

There were 104 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.6% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 38&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 93.2&nbsp;males. For every 100&nbsp;females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 88.5&nbsp;males.

The median income for a household in the city was $17,500, and the median income for a family was $35,972. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,734. About 19.0% of families and 26.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 48.7% of those sixty-five or over.
{{clear}}

