==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 184
|1890= 513
|1900= 890
|1910= 844
|1920= 944
|1930= 903
|1940= 961
|1950= 863
|1960= 905
|1970= 759
|1980= 869
|1990= 693
|2000= 703
|2010= 683
|2020= 687
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 683 people, 338 households, and 177 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|180.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 383 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 338 households, of which 20.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.6% were non-families. 44.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the city was 48.8 years. 21.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 24.8% were from 45 to 64; and 28.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 703 people, 334 households, and 196 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|183.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 365 housing units at an average density of {{convert|95.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.28% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.71% of the population.

There were 334 households, out of which 21.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.3% were non-families. 39.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 28.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,583, and the median income for a family was $36,750. Males had a median income of $29,125 versus $21,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,922. None of the families and 5.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 12.2% of those over 64.

