==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 346
|1920= 348
|1930= 383
|1940= 302
|1950= 285
|1960= 225
|1970= 148
|1980= 111
|1990= 86
|2000= 25
|2010= 28
|2020= 16
|estyear=2022
|estimate=15
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 14, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 14, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 28 people, 13 households, and 5 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|127.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 13 households, of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 61.5% were non-families. 53.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 3.80.

The median age in the city was 35.5 years. 35.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32.1% were from 25 to 44; 14.3% were from 45 to 64; and 17.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.6% male and 46.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 25 people, 16 households, and 5 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|97.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|171.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 84.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 16.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 16 households, out of which 12.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 25.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 68.8% were non-families. 68.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 43.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.56 and the average family size was 2.40.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 8.0% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 28.0% from 45 to 64, and 36.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 56 years. For every 100 females, there were 127.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 130.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,479.  There were no families and 8.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

