==Demographics==
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Timber Cove had a population of 171. The population density was {{convert|30.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Timber Cove was 120 (70.2%) [[White Americans|White]], 1 (0.6%) [[African Americans|African American]], 5 (2.9%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 2 (1.2%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 2 (1.2%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 17 (9.9%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 24 (14.0%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 30 persons (17.5%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Timber Cove CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0678715 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 86 households, out of which 12 (14.0%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 33 (38.4%) were married-couple households, 6 (7.0%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 18 (20.9%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 29 (33.7%) had a male householder with no partner present. 34 households (39.5%) were one person, and 19 (22.1%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.99.<ref name=DP1/> There were 42 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (48.8% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Timber Cove CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0678715 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 18 people (10.5%) under the age of 18, 15 people (8.8%) aged 18 to 24, 36 people (21.1%) aged 25 to 44, 40 people (23.4%) aged 45 to 64, and 62 people (36.3%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 56.1{{nbsp}}years. There were 83 males and 88 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 169 housing units at an average density of {{convert|29.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 86 (50.9%) were occupied. Of these, 66 (76.7%) were owner-occupied, and 20 (23.3%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

