==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 2352
|1920= 3581
|1930= 3493
|1940= 3671
|1950= 3924
|1960= 3584
|1970= 3674
|1980= 3826
|1990= 3938
|2000= 3932
|2010= 3414
|2020= 3216
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,414 people, 1,527 households, and 806 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|810.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,667 housing units at an average density of {{convert|396.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 1,527 households, of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.2% were non-families. 41.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the city was 43.8 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.7% were from 45 to 64; and 23% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.6% male and 54.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,932 people, 1,570 households, and 916&nbsp;families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,008.9 people per square mile (389.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,660 housing units at an average density of 425.9 per square mile (164.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 96.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.48% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.76% of the population.

There were 1,570 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.6% were non-families. 35.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 13.4% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 37&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 87.4&nbsp;males. For every 100&nbsp;females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 83.3&nbsp;males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,274, and the median income for a family was $40,526. Males had a median income of $26,725 versus $20,826 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,499. About 7.2% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of those under age&nbsp;18 and 11.0% of those age&nbsp;65 or over.

