==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 920
|1890= 846
|1900= 907
|1910= 909
|1920= 918
|1930= 815
|1940= 834
|1950= 825
|1960= 710
|1970= 656
|1980= 634
|1990= 575
|2000= 579
|2010= 532
|2020= 472
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 532 people, 219 households, and 146 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|738.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 261 housing units at an average density of {{convert|362.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 219 households, of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 35.6 years. 28.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 579 people, 235 households, and 167 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|801.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 265 housing units at an average density of {{convert|366.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.04% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.52% of the population.

There were 235 households, out of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.9% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 12.1% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 94.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,194, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $21,932 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,378. About 12.6% of families and 14.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.0% of those under age 18 and 19.3% of those age 65 or over.

