==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 190
|1900= 249
|1910= 233
|1920= 325
|1930= 288
|1940= 332
|1950= 262
|1960= 198
|1970= 175
|1980= 184
|1990= 154
|2000= 189
|2010= 246
|2020= 286
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 189 people, 71 households, and 56 families residing in the town.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> The population density was {{convert|127.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|56.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.53% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.06% from two or more races.

There were 71 households, out of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.1% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 96.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,625, and the median income for a family was $24,375. Males had a median income of $21,667 versus $24,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,566. About 28.3% of families and 26.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 28.6% of those 65 or over.

