==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1980 = 85
| 1990 = 96
| 2000 = 88
| 2010 = 102
| 2020 = 86
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 81
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 88 people, 28 households, and 22 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 261.4/km{{sup|2}} (702.4/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 33 housing units at an average density of 98.0/km{{sup|2}} (263.4/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.18% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.27% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 4.55% from two or more races. 1.14% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 28 households, out of which 57.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.4% were non-families. 17.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.14 and the average family size was 3.55.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 38.6% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 15.9% from 45 to 64, and 5.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,625, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $28,250 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,724. There were no families and 14.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

