==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 453
|1900= 789
|1910= 761
|1920= 709
|1930= 756
|1940= 904
|1950= 794
|1960= 624
|1970= 591
|1980= 549
|1990= 448
|2000= 442
|2010= 411
|2020= 410
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212234628/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 411 people, 190 households, and 113 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|339.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 211 housing units at an average density of {{convert|174.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 86.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 190 households, of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.5% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the city was 44.3 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 31.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.3% male and 46.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 442 people, 199 households, and 118 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|364.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 216 housing units at an average density of {{convert|177.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 90.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.90% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.11% of the population.

There were 199 households, out of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.7% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,298, and the median income for a family was $37,396. Males had a median income of $30,938 versus $21,397 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,899.  About 11.5% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.9% of those under age 18 and 9.7% of those age 65 or over.

