==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 462
| 1890 = 496
| 1900 = 422
| 1910 = 359
| 1920 = 564
| 1930 = 350
| 1940 = 385
| 1950 = 338
| 1960 = 277
| 1970 = 212
| 1980 = 447
| 1990 = 437
| 2000 = 437
| 2010 = 464
| 2020 = 474
| footnote = Source: U.S. Census Bureau<ref name=census>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=November 18, 2011|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 437 people, 140 households, and 120 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 813.1 people per square mile (312.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 152 housing units at an average density of 282.8 per square mile (108.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.69% of the population.

There were 140 households, out of which 38.6% had children under 18 living with them, 82.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.6% were non-families. 13.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years or older. The average household size was 3.12, and the average family size was 3.44.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.9% under 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 18.8% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.1 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 105.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $45,192, and the median income for a family was $47,396. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $19,286 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,571. About 2.3% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.2% of those under age 18 and 5.6% of those aged 65 or over.

Historically the town population has cycled, with a high of 564 in the [[1920 United States census|1920 Census]], and a low of 212 in the 1970 Census.<ref>{{cite web |url= http://www.governor.utah.gov/dea/Historical_Census_Data/CityCountyBrief/HistoricCityPop.pdf |title= Population by Community and Census Precincts: From 1890 to 2000 |work= Historic Population Tables-Decennial Census |publisher= Utah Governor's Office of Planning & Budget |page= 2 |access-date= November 23, 2009 |archive-date= December 10, 2009 |archive-url= https://web.archive.org/web/20091210100234/http://governor.utah.gov/dea/Historical_Census_Data/CityCountyBrief/HistoricCityPop.pdf |url-status= live }}</ref>

