==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 415
|1920= 319
|1930= 194
|1940= 124
|1950= 117
|1960= 67
|1970= 62
|1980= 31
|1990= 20
|2000= 22
|2010= 14
|2020= 20
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 20 people, 5 households, and 2 families in Bassett.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Bassett%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 298.5 per square mile (115.3/km{{sup|2}}). There were 10 housing units at an average density of 149.3 per square mile (57.6/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Bassett%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 75.0% (15) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (75.0% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 25.0% (5) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Bassett%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 0.0% (0) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Bassett%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 5 households, 40.0% had children under the age of 18; 20.0% were married couples living together; 40.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 40.0% of households consisted of individuals and 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.5 and the average family size was 2.5.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Bassett%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 5.0% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Bassett%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

30.0% of the population was under the age of 18, 0.0% from 18 to 24, 10.0% from 25 to 44, 35.0% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.2 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 100.0 males.<ref name=:0 />

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 14 people, 5 households, and 4 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|233.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 10 housing units at an average density of {{convert|166.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 5 households, of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 20.0% were non-families. 0.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 38 years. 28.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 35.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.5% were from 45 to 64; and 0.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 64.3% male and 35.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[United States Census, 2000|U.S. Census in 2000]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 22 people, 10 households, and 7 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|309.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 10 housing units at an average density of {{convert|140.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race (United States Census)|racial makeup]] of the city was 95.45% [[White American|White]] and 4.55% [[Black American|Black]] or [[African American]].

There were 10 [[household]]s, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.14.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 13.6% under the age of 18, 22.7% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 31.8% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 137.5 males.

The [[Median household income|median income for a household]] in the city was $14,688, and the median income for a family was $14,375. Males had a median income of $16,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,388. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

