==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|2010= 165
|2020= 97
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 97 people, 37 households, and 8 families in Fort Dodge.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Fort%20Dodge%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 530.1 per square mile (204.7/km{{sup|2}}). There were 79 housing units at an average density of 431.7 per square mile (166.7/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Fort%20Dodge%20CDP,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 83.51% (81) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (83.51% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 1.03% (1) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 1.03% (1) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 1.03% (1) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.03% (1) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 6.19% (6) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.19% (6) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Fort%20Dodge%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 9.28% (9) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Fort%20Dodge%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 37 households, 16.2% had children under the age of 18; 18.9% were married couples living together; 10.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 73.0% of households consisted of individuals and 45.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 1.0 and the average family size was 2.0.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Fort%20Dodge%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 27.8% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Fort%20Dodge%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

2.1% of the population was under the age of 18, 0.0% from 18 to 24, 5.2% from 25 to 44, 17.5% from 45 to 64, and 75.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 73.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 29.3 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 28.4 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $33,418 (with a margin of error of +/- $3,662).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Fort%20Dodge%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $10,729 (+/- $3,979). The median income for those above 16 years old was $10,729 (+/- $3,979).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Fort%20Dodge%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 165 people, 66 households, and 23 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|916.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|544.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 95.2% [[White American|White]], 1.8% [[African American]], 0.6% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian]], 0.6% from other races, and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics and Latinos]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.<ref name=Census2010>{{cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |accessdate=2015-05-21 |df= }}</ref>

There were 66 households, of which 0.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.8% were married couples living together, 1.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 65.2% were non-families. 46.1% of the population was in group quarters. 65.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 34.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.35, and the average family size was 2.00.<ref name=Census2010/>

The median age in the CDP was 76.6 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 3.0% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 69.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the CDP was 78.2% male and 21.8% female.<ref name=Census2010/>

The median income for a household was $23,250, and the median income for a family was $32.045. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,004. About 0.0% of families and 0.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.0% of those under age 18 and 0.0% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=Census2010/>

