==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 181
|1940= 177
|1970= 210
|1980= 241
|1990= 292
|2000= 285
|2010= 246
|2020= 186
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 246 people, 100 households, and 59 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|179.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.41% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.63% of the population.

There were 100 households, of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.0% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.31.

The median age in the village was 35.8 years. 29.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 24.4% were from 45 to 64; and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, the population density was {{convert|200.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|88.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

There were 111 households, out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.9% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 11.2% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $20,139, and the median income for a family was $25,714. Males had a median income of $25,096 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,752. About 20.2% of families and 20.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.8% of those under the age of 18 and 14.6% of those 65 or over.

