==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 870
|1910= 1437
|1920= 1936
|1930= 2473
|1940= 2401
|1950= 2484
|1960= 2297
|1970= 2754
|1980= 2150
|1990= 1821
|2000= 1724
|2010= 1515
|2020= 1476
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|title=Population of Civil Divisions Less than Counties|url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1880a_v1-12.pdf|work=1880 United States Census|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 24, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Population-Pennsylvania|url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/36894832v3ch4.pdf|work=U.S. Census 1910|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Number and Distribution of Inhabitants:Pennsylvania-Tennessee|url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/03815512v1ch09.pdf|work=Fifteenth Census|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Number of Inhabitants: Pennsylvania|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/17216604v1p40ch02.pdf|work=18th Census of the United States|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Pennsylvania: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-40.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref>{{cite web|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130602094321/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=June 2, 2013|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 1,724 people, 852 households, and 442 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,511.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 937 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,908.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 95.88% White, 2.55% African American, 0.17% Native American, 0.35% Asian, 0.06% from other races, and 0.99% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.75% of the population.

There were 852 households, out of which 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.7% were married couples living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.1% were non-families. 42.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 17.1% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 26.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females there were 80.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.0 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $24,552, and the median income for a family was $36,184. Males had a median income of $29,242 versus $24,464 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,889. About 10.2% of families and 16.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.9% of those under age 18 and 13.2% of those age 65 or over.

