==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 1255
|1900= 2870
|1910= 4850
|1920= 5605
|1930= 6127
|1940= 5795
|1950= 5352
|1960= 5440
|1970= 4749
|1980= 3923
|1990= 3413
|2000= 3451
|2010= 2991
|2020= 2859
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 12, 2022}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010">{{cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/G001/1600000US4226512| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212203918/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/G001/1600000US4226512| url-status=dead| archive-date=February 12, 2020| title=Geographic Identifiers: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (G001): Ford City borough, Pennsylvania| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| access-date=July 30, 2013}}</ref>
}}
According to the [[2020 United States census|2020 U.S. census]] and [[American Community Survey]] data, Ford City Borough had a population of 2,859 people, residing in 1,373 households. The population skews older, with a median age of 43.2 years. Approximately 21% of residents were under the age of 18, while 20% were 65 or older, reflecting a significant senior population. The gender split was nearly even, with 50.3% female and 49.7% male. Racially, the community was predominantly White at 92.6%, followed by 2.1% African American, 0.2% Native American, and 4.1% identifying as two or more races. Less than 1% of the population identified as Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 1,599 housing units, with 67.8% owner-occupied and the remaining 32.2% renter-occupied. The median gross rent was a modest $185, and the median home value was $83,000. The average household size was 2.06, and the average family size was 2.78. Economically, the median household income was $54,457, while families earned a median of $75,505. About 13.6% of all residents lived below the poverty line, including 2.2% of children under 18 and 21.3% of those 65 and older.

Education levels showed that 86% of adults age 25 and older had at least a high school diploma, but only 14% held a bachelor’s degree or higher, which is below the state and national averages. Of the 2,375 residents aged 16 and over, 57% were in the labor force—comprising 1,294 employed individuals and 58 unemployed—while 43% were not in the labor force, including many retirees. The dominant employment sectors included health care, manufacturing, and retail.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Ford_City_borough,_Pennsylvania?g=160XX00US4226512#housing |access-date=2024-09-09 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

