==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 510
|1890= 728
|1900= 861
|1910= 842
|1920= 889
|1930= 947
|1940= 982
|1950= 1097
|1960= 1261
|1970= 1562
|1980= 1638
|1990= 1646
|2000= 1762
|2010= 1942
|2020= 1941
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 16, 2013}}</ref><br/>2013 Estimate<ref name="2013 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2014-07-17}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,942 people, 845 households, and 515 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1529.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 903 housing units at an average density of {{convert|711.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 845 households, of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.1% were non-families. 36.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 21.5% were from 45 to 64; and 29.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,762 people, 754 households, and 496 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,878.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 798 housing units at an average density of {{convert|850.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.51% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.57% of the population.

There were 754 households, out of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.9% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 33.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $37,112, and the median income for a family was $48,021. Males had a median income of $31,900 versus $22,413 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,974. About 3.8% of families and 5.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.9% of those under age 18 and 7.4% of those age 65 or over.

