==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 28
|1910= 195
|1920= 223
|1930= 199
|1940= 250
|1950= 238
|1960= 256
|1970= 262
|1980= 249
|1990= 232
|2000= 231
|2010= 235
|2020= 227
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 235 people, 88 households, and 59 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|587.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 97 housing units at an average density of {{convert|242.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 11.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 20.0% of the population.

There were 88 households, of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.0% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age in the city was 34.5 years. 26.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 25.2% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 231 people, 87 households, and 62 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|610.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 96 housing units at an average density of {{convert|253.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 92.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.87% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.36% of the population.

There were 87 households, out of which 42.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.7% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 32.5% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,750, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,227.  About 13.2% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 21.9% of those 65 or over.

