==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 797
|1920= 777
|1930= 591
|1940= 638
|1950= 529
|1960= 403
|1970= 456
|1980= 511
|1990= 625
|2000= 754
|2010= 803
|2020= 1142
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="2020 census"/>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 754 people, 291 households, and 197 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|611.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 314 housing units at an average density of {{convert|254.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.13% of the population.

There were 291 households, out of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,153, and the median income for a family was $44,688. Males had a median income of $29,200 versus $27,778 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,373. About 5.0% of families and 6.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.9% of those under age 18 and 14.0% of those age 65 or over.

