==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 161
|1920= 87
|1930= 65
|1940= 43
|1950= 42
|1960= 65
|1970= 60
|1980= 81
|1990= 71
|2000= 98
|2010= 101
|2020= 79
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 3, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US5330060|title=Hatton town, Washington|author=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 23, 2021}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 101 people, 34 households, and 24 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|273.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|108.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 51.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 35.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 7.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 49.5% of the population.

There were 34 households, of which 44.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.4% were non-families. 11.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.97 and the average family size was 3.33.

The median age in the town was 40.5 years. 30.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.9% were from 25 to 44; 31.7% were from 45 to 64; and 6.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 43.6% male and 56.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 98 people, 32 households, and 24 families residing in the town. The population density was 262.7 people per square mile (102.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 35 housing units at an average density of 93.8 per square mile (36.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 79.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.02% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 16.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.33% of the population.

There were 32 households, out of which 43.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.6% were married couples living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.06 and the average family size was 3.58.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 33.7% under the age of 18, 12.2% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $34,583. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,806. There were 11.1% of families and 21.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 31.9% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

