==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 304
|1910n={{citation needed|date=November 2023}}
|1920= 261
|1920n={{citation needed|date=November 2023}}
|1930= 236
|1930n={{citation needed|date=November 2023}}
|1940= 209
|1940n={{citation needed|date=November 2023}}
|1950= 202
|1950n={{citation needed|date=November 2023}}
|1960= 231
|1960n={{citation needed|date=November 2023}}
|1970= 274
|1970n={{citation needed|date=November 2023}}
|1980= 382
|1980n={{citation needed|date=November 2023}}
|1990= 337
|1990n={{citation needed|date=November 2023}}
|2000= 574
|2000n={{citation needed|date=November 2023}}
|2010= 376
|2010n={{citation needed|date=November 2023}}
|2020= 595
|2020n={{citation needed|date=November 2023}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{failed verification|date=November 2023|reason=No mention of Kevil at the given reference}}
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 574 people, 245 households, and 169 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|894.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 266 housing units at an average density of {{convert|414.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.52% of the population.

There were 245 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.5 males.

The cost of living is 80.0 according to the cost of living index scale. The United States average is 100.0, which makes living in the city of '''Kevil''' considerably low. It is 20% less than the United States average to be exact.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,417, and the median income for a family was $44,688. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $24,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,974. About 9.6% of families and 15.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.1% of those under age 18 and 14.4% of those age 65 or over.

