==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1960 = 312
| 1970 = 265
| 1980 = 329
| 1990 = 303
| 2000 = 272
| 2010 = 290
| 2020 = 263
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 275
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 272 people, 106 households, and 82 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|1,105.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|455.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 95.23% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.84% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.74% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.74% from two or more races.  1.84% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 106 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.6% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,625, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $27,813 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,835.  About 2.8% of families and 4.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 3.6% of those 65 or over.

