==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 96
|1910= 329
|1920= 318
|1930= 366
|1940= 399
|1950= 397
|1960= 555
|1970= 539
|1980= 568
|1990= 531
|2000= 404
|2010= 543
|2020= 505
|footnote=US Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2000 Census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]] there were 404 people, 148 households, and 104 families in the town. The [[population density]] was 102.0 people per square mile (39.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 177 housing units at an average density of 44.7 per square mile (17.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 55.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 43.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.74% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.25% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.99% of the population.

There were 148 households, out of which 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.90.

The town population contained 18.1% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,000, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $26,500 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $26,657. About 7.8% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.1% of those under age 18 and 3.6% of those age 65 or over.

