==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 491
|1920= 454
|1930= 512
|1940= 499
|1950= 409
|1960= 351
|1970= 251
|1980= 238
|1990= 192
|2000= 131
|2010= 126
|2020= 125
|estyear=2022
|estimate=120
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 23, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 23, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 126 people, 61 households, and 38 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|225.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|142.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.0% of the population.

There were 61 households, of which 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.7% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.58.

The median age in the city was 46.6 years. 19% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.3% were from 25 to 44; 40.4% were from 45 to 64; and 13.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.8% male and 45.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 131 people, 63 households, and 43 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|232.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|174.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 63 households, out of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.58.

In the city the population was spread out, with 17.6% under the age of 18, 1.5% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 38.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,406, and the median income for a family was $48,929. Males had a median income of $37,000 versus $20,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,949. There were 7.1% of families and 10.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no one under the age of 18 and 10.3% of those over 64.

