==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 1243
|2000= 1712
|2010= 1510
|2020= 1480
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="2000 Census">{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2001/dec/2kh39.pdf|title=2000 Profiles of General Demographic Characteristics|publisher=US Census Bureau|accessdate=January 20, 2024}}</ref><ref name="1990 Census">{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1990/cp-1/cp-1-37.pdf|title=1990 Profiles of General Demographic Characteristics|publisher=US Census Bureau|accessdate=January 20, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,712 people, 562 households, and 458 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|825.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 588 housing units at an average density of {{convert|283.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.82% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.40% of the population.

There were 562 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.5% were non-families. 16.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 21.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 88.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $58,281, and the median income for a family was $63,464. Males had a median income of $46,923 versus $30,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,601. About 2.6% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of those under age 18 and 32.3% of those age 65 or over.

