==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 654
|1930= 416
|1940= 330
|1950= 117
|1960= 238
|1970= 177
|1980= 286
|1990= 243
|2000= 188
|2010= 254
|2020= 210
|estyear=2024
|estimate=208
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 188 people, 77 households, and 47 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|140.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|64.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.66% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.53% of the population.

There were 77 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.7% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $18,000, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $12,321 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,034. About 22.0% of families and 24.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 31.7% of those 65 or over.

