==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 223
|1930= 182
|1940= 194
|1950= 168
|1960= 208
|1970= 179
|1980= 194
|1990= 167
|2000= 168
|2010= 83
|2020= 131
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 83 people, 34 households, and 25 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|638.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|315.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 34 households, of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.5% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the town was 42.3 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.4% were from 25 to 44; 20.4% were from 45 to 64; and 22.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 168 people, 62 households, and 46 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,291.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 69 housing units at an average density of {{convert|530.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.60% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.60% of the population.

There were 62 households, out of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.2% were non-families. 21.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $21,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,959. About 10.9% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 6.9% of those 65 or over.

