==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 431
|1860= 362
|1870= 319
|1880= 519
|1890= 601
|1900= 618
|1910= 609
|1920= 636
|1930= 556
|1940= 421
|1950= 537
|1960= 493
|1970= 463
|1980= 461
|1990= 318
|2000= 402
|2010= 367
|2020= 317
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 312
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 367 people, 132 households, and 101 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|749.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 155 housing units at an average density of {{convert|316.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 132 households, of which 38.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.5% were non-families. 17.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the village was 37.6 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.5% were from 25 to 44; 23.7% were from 45 to 64; and 14.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 402 people, 145 households, and 109 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|832.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 162 housing units at an average density of {{convert|335.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.25% from two or more races.

There were 145 households, out of which 42.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.8% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.3% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 104.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,792, and the median income for a family was $30,714. Males had a median income of $25,385 versus $16,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,003. About 14.3% of families and 20.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.7% of those under age 18 and 4.9% of those age 65 or over.

