==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 292
|1930= 228
|1940= 273
|1950= 202
|1960= 172
|1970= 208
|1980= 271
|1990= 197
|2000= 314
|2010= 206
|2020= 235
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212234628/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 206 people, 100 households, and 52 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|214.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 206 housing units at an average density of {{convert|214.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 100 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.0% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.58.

The median age in the city was 49.7 years. 15.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.5% were from 25 to 44; 35.9% were from 45 to 64; and 23.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 314 people, 150 households, and 79 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|320.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 256 housing units at an average density of {{convert|261.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 92.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.96% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.96% of the population.

There were 150 households, out of which 18.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.3% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.1% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 19.1% from 25 to 44, 31.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 118.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,321, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $35,417 versus $13,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,088.  About 16.2% of families and 22.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.0% of those under age 18 and 18.2% of those age 65 or over.

