==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 54
|1990= 117
|2000= 129
|2010= 192
|2020= 313
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 129 people, 62 households, and 40 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|63.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 345 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.78% of the population.

There were 62 households, out of which 21.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.46.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 14.0% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 32.6% from 25 to 44, 29.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $62,813. Males had a median income of $35,417 versus $38,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,801. There were 21.6% of families and 20.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 26.3% of those under eighteen and none of those over 64.

