==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 245
| 1920 = 449
| 1930 = 235
| 1940 = 225
| 1950 = 187
| 1960 = 203
| 1970 = 292
| 1980 = 316
| 1990 = 381
| 2000 = 335
| 2010 = 273
| 2020 = 212
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 202
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Widener racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0575560&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=June 10, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|66
|31.13%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|136
|64.15%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|3
|1.42%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|5
|2.36%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|2
|0.94%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''212'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 212 people, 90 households, and 58 families residing in the town.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 335 people, 111 households, and 81 families residing in the town.  The [[population density]] was 258.7/km{{sup|2}} (663.9/mi<sup>2</sup>).  There were 129 housing units at an average density of 99.6/km{{sup|2}} (255.7/mi<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the town was 31.94% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 67.16% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.60% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]].  2.39% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 111 households, out of which 39.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.0% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.02 and the average family size was 3.65.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 36.7% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 16.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,833, and the median income for a family was $24,375. Males had a median income of $23,929 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,135.  About 34.2% of families and 38.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.1% of those under age 18 and 34.1% of those age 65 or over.

