==Demographics==
<!-- As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 99 people, 38 households, and 29 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|116.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|44.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.01% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.01% of the population.

There were 38 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.1% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 36.4% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $60,375, and the median income for a family was $61,500. Males had a median income of $61,528 versus $30,139 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $25,744. None of the population was below the [[poverty line]].
 -->
The [[United States Census Bureau]] initially defined the {{nowrap|Franktown CDP}} for the {{nowrap|[[United States Census 2000]].}}
{{Historical populations
|title  = Franktown CDP, Colorado
|type   = US
|align  = left
|source = [[United States Census Bureau]]
|2000| 99
|2010|395
|2020|409
}}
{{clear|left}}

