==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 590
|1910= 618
|1920= 559
|1930= 876
|1940= 930
|1950= 1038
|1960= 1200
|1970= 1108
|1980= 1135
|1990= 1060
|2000= 2251
|2010= 2231
|2020= 2110
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 2,251 people, 940 households, and 568 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 451.3 people per square mile (174.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,000 housing units at an average density of 200.5 per square mile (77.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 68.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 29.63% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.02% of the population.

There were 940 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.5% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 24.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,000, and the median income for a family was $44,181. Males had a median income of $35,714 versus $20,321 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,457. About 13.3% of families and 18.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.1% of those under age 18 and 26.5% of those age 65 or over.

