==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1045
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,062 people, 425 households, and 295 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|2,073.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 438 housing units at an average density of {{convert|855.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.79% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.75% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.75% of the population.

There were 425 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 28.0% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 82.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $39,250, and the median income for a family was $48,558. Males had a median income of $39,911 versus $25,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,584.  About 7.4% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of those under the age of 18 and 11.0% of those 65 and older.

