==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1910= 325
|1930= 359
|1940= 316
|1950= 414
|1960= 369
|1970= 358
|1980= 338
|1990= 353
|2000= 364
|2010= 343
|2020= 281
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/profile/West_Burke_village,_Vermont?g=160XX00US5079150|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=April 26, 2023}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2020, there were 281 people and 98 households residing in the village.  The [[population density]] was 597.9 people per square mile (228.5/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 150 housing units at an average density of 319.1/sq&nbsp;mi (122.0/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the village was 91.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.35% [[Black/African American (U.S. Census)|Black/African American]], 2.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.63% [[Two or More Races (U.S. Census)|Two or More Races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.78% of the population.<ref name="U.S. Census Bureau">{{cite web |title=West Burke village, Vermont Census Bureau profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/West_Burke_village,_Vermont?g=160XX00US5079150 |website=Census Bureau Data |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=April 26, 2023}}</ref>

There were 98 households, out of which 22.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 31.6% had a female householder with no spouse present, and 27.6% had a male householder with no spouse present. In the village, the population was spread out, with 15.3% under the age of 18, 6.76% from 20 to 24, 17.44% from 25 to 44, 41.99% from 45 to 64, and 13.88% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44.9 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.3 males.<ref name="U.S. Census Bureau"/>

The median income for a household in the village was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $44,250. About 34.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 48.3% of those under age 18 and 35.9% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="U.S. Census Bureau"/>

