==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 283
|1920= 451
|1930= 462
|1940= 432
|1950= 442
|1960= 465
|1970= 425
|1980= 613
|1990= 476
|2000= 528
|2010= 475
|2020= 458
|2020n=<ref name="2020Census">{{cite web |title=Allendale village, Illinois |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Allendale_village,_Illinois?g=160XX00US1700815 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=25 September 2025}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{better source needed|date=September 2025}}
}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref>{{better source needed|date=September 2025}} of 2000, there were 528 people, 192 households, and 142 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,755.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 205 housing units at an average density of {{convert|681.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.76% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.95% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.14% of the population.

There were 192 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.0% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,705, and the median income for a family was $38,472. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $16,719 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,117. About 12.1% of families and 16.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.4% of those under age 18 and 1.9% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
{{empty section|date=September 2025}}

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 decennial U.S. census, the total population of the village was 458, with a plurality of the people being 20 to 24 years old. There were 182 total households, out of 191 total housing units, and the median household income was $70,500. The employment rate was 53.2%. 17.9% of the population was under 18.<ref name="2020Census" />

