==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 91
|1890= 218
|1900= 415
|1910= 524
|1920= 763
|1930= 798
|1940= 827
|1950= 852
|1960= 942
|1970= 806
|1980= 877
|1990= 723
|2000= 717
|2010= 765
|2020= 863
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 765 people, 302 households, and 197 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|772.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 334 housing units at an average density of {{convert|337.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.7% of the population.

There were 302 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.8% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the city was 34.4 years. 27.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 717 people, 294 households, and 186 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|724.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 325 housing units at an average density of {{convert|328.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] (one African American resident), 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] (one Native American), 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] (two Asians), and 1.26% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.28% of the population.

There were 294 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. Some 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,583, and the median income for a family was $40,938. Males had a median income of $30,446 versus $20,114 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,012.  About 2.7% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over.

