==Demographics==
{{US Census population|align = left
|1880= 504
|1890= 534
|1900= 762
|1910= 805
|1920= 778
|1930= 689
|1940= 719
|1950= 825
|1960= 944
|1970= 1053
|1980= 1138
|1990= 950
|2000= 1001
|2010= 972
|2020= 965
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1702726 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 965 people, 558 households, and 324 families residing in the town. The population density was {{Convert|496.14|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 463 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|238.05|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.04% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.11% of the population.

There were 558 households, out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.99% were married couples living together, 8.78% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.94% were non-families. 31.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.12 and the average family size was 2.39.

The town's age distribution consisted of 26.0% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 21% from 45 to 64, and 20.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 74.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $47,833, and the median income for a family was $52,917. Males had a median income of $41,528 versus $30,882 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $26,704. About 7.1% of families and 7.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.9% of those under age 18 and 14.9% of those age 65 or over.

