==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 83
|1970= 95
|1980= 78
|1990= 64
|2000= 65
|2010= 60
|2020= 48
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 60 people, 23 households, and 15 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1500.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|775.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 6.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.7% of the population.

There were 23 households, of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 21.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.8% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.27.

The median age in the town was 42 years. 16.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 23.3% were from 45 to 64; and 25% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 58.3% male and 41.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 65 people, 26 households, and 17 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,597.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|663.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 26 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 21.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 71.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $51,719, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $31,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,288. There were 8.3% of families and 14.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

