==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 161
| 1890 = 353
| 1900 = 391
| 1910 = 536
| 1920 = 977
| 1930 = 741
| 1940 = 755
| 1950 = 761
| 1960 = 672
| 1970 = 840
| 1980 = 754
| 1990 = 675
| 2000 = 722
| 2010 = 602
| 2020 = 460
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 433
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Holly Grove Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0532800&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 9, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|29
|6.3%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|425
|92.39%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.22%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|1
|0.22%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|2
|0.43%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|2
|0.43%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 460 people, 266 households, and 170 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 722 people, 301 households, and 176 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,023.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 347 housing units at an average density of {{convert|491.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 26.87% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 72.58% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 0.42% from two or more races.  0.14% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 301 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 24.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 28.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.4% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 22.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $15,294, and the median income for a family was $17,232. Males had a median income of $24,444 versus $18,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,047.  About 37.7% of families and 42.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 61.3% of those under age 18 and 31.2% of those age 65 or over.

