==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 420 people, 141 households, and 106 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 501.7 people per square mile (193.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 164 housing units at an average density of 195.9 per square mile (75.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.19% of the population.

There were 141 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.8% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 23.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,500, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,748. About 2.7% of families and 3.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 15.2% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear}}

