==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 298
|2000= 385
|2010= 268
|2020= 264
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Colony racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0116684&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 18, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|31
|11.74%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|220
|83.33%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.38%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|1
|0.38%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|8
|3.03%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|3
|1.14%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 264 people, 188 households, and 123 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 385 people, 130 households, and 99 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|171.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 154 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 5.71% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 93.51% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.26% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.26% from two or more races. 0.78% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 130 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.8% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.41.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,708, and the median income for a family was $35,417. Males had a median income of $24,821 versus $19,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,415. About 12.0% of families and 12.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.5% of those under age 18 and 41.3% of those age 65 or over.

