==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 11
|2010= 55
|2020= 126
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2020, there were 126 people residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|32.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 172 housing units at an average density of {{convert|503.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 9.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].<!--The number of households and families isn't listed in the given source.-->

There were 7 households, out of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 42.9% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.57 and the average family size was 2.00.<!--No source.-->

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.2% from 25 to 44, 36.4% from 45 to 64, and 45.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 266.7 males.<!--No source.-->

The median income for a household in the village was $67,083, and the median income for a family was $127,308. Males had a median income of $32,083 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $57,150. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].<!--No source.-->

