==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 379
|1910= 358
|1920= 474
|1930= 447
|1940= 514
|1950= 483
|1960= 382
|1970= 329
|1980= 338
|1990= 374
|2000= 508
|2010= 530
|2020= 486
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 508 people in the town, organized into 160 households and 132 families. The [[population density]] was 60.6 people per square mile (23.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 206 housing units at an average density of 24.6 per square mile (9.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.38% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.17% from two or more races. There were no [[African American (U.S. Census)|African Americans]], [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asians]], or [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islanders]]. 2.36% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 160 households, out of which 41.9% had children under 18 living with them, 73.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.9% were non-families. 13.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone who was 65 years of age or older living alone. The average household size was 3.18, and the average family size was 3.52.

The town's population was spread out, with 34.6% under 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 100 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 91.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $42,500, and the median income for a family was $44,125. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $22,222 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,896. 2.1% of the population and 3.0% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 1.0% of those under 18 and 10.0% of those 65 and older lived below the poverty line.

