==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 102
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly"/>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 86 people, 32 households and 24 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|400.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|158.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 32 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.9% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.16.

15.1% of the population were  under the age of 18, 11.6% from 18 to 24, 33.7% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $38,125 and the median family income was $41,875. Males had a median income of $29,375 vand females $16,875. The [[per capita income]] was $13,906. There were 11.1% of families and 9.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.

