==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 554
|1930= 888
|1940= 866
|1950= 953
|1960= 880
|1970= 1072
|1980= 1159
|1990= 1073
|2000= 972
|2010= 1164
|2020= 877
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+De Kalb Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2818340&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 8, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|225
|25.66%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|631
|71.95%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.11%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|1
|0.11%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|13
|1.48%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|6
|0.68%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 877 people, 480 households, and 292 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 972 people, 388 households, and 233 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|293.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 444 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 70.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 18.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.93% of the population.

There were 388 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.7% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 25.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,000, and the median income for a family was $24,886. Males had a median income of $26,477 versus $16,964 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,171. About 23.3% of families and 28.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.9% of those under age 18 and 21.0% of those age 65 or over.

