==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 344
|1900= 733
|1910= 742
|1920= 673
|1930= 660
|1940= 599
|1950= 596
|1960= 496
|1970= 545
|1980= 552
|1990= 494
|2000= 520
|2010= 495
|2020= 496
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 495 people, 210 households, and 137 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1337.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 232 housing units at an average density of {{convert|627.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 210 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.8% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the village was 40.9 years. 26.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 520 people, 227 households, and 138 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|1,417.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 252 housing units at an average density of {{convert|687.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 97.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.96% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.58% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.77% from two or more races.

There were 227 households, of which 33.5% included children under the age of 18, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.8% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in Bancroft was 39 years.  28.8% of the inhabitants were under the age of 18; 4.0% were between 18 and 24; 23.1% were between 25 and 44; 18.1% were between 45 and 64; and 26.0% were aged 65 years or older.  For every 100 females, there were 97.7 males; for every 100 females aged 18 or over, there were 88.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,500, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $20,385 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,244.  About 11.1% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.3% of those under the age of 18 and 22.1% of those 65 and older.

