==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 314
|1930= 346
|1940= 325
|1950= 324
|1960= 355
|1970= 252
|1980= 196
|1990= 181
|2000= 112
|2010= 95
|2020= 70
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 95 people, 42 households, and 26 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|413.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|226.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 42 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 47.1 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.1% were from 25 to 44; 36.8% were from 45 to 64; and 13.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.7% male and 46.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 112 people, 47 households, and 28 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|490.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.89% of the population.

There were 47 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.3% were non-families. 34.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 32.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,542, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $37,500 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,104. There were 16.7% of families and 20.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 39.3% of under eighteens and 37.5% of those over 64.

