==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 554
|1930= 709
|1940= 982
|1950= 1070
|1960= 1078
|1970= 1036
|1980= 1103
|1990= 930
|2000= 857
|2010= 792
|2020= 749
|estyear=2022
|estimate=734
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 11, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 11, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 21, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 792 people, 337 households, and 203 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|565.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 401 housing units at an average density of {{convert|286.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 337 households, of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.8% were non-families. 37.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 48.9 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.5% were from 25 to 44; 22.5% were from 45 to 64; and 32.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 857 people, 367 households and 238 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|616.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 420 housing units at an average density of {{convert|302.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.47% of the population.

There were 367 households, of which 22.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.82.

Age distribution was 22.1% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 18.7% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 33.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $28,167, and the median family income was $36,042. Males had a median income of $28,036 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,208. About 5.9% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.4% of those under age 18 and 15.3% of those age 65 or over.

