==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 319
| 1890 = 343
| 1900 = 304
| 1910 = 337
| 1920 = 293
| 1930 = 311
| 1940 = 291
| 1950 = 269
| 1960 = 189
| 1970 = 172
| 1980 = 172
| 1990 = 146
| 2000 = 121
| 2010 = 119
| 2020 = 115
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 119 people, 50 households, and 31 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|101.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|69.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 50 households, of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.0% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the village was 40.4 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 36.2% were from 45 to 64; and 6.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 121 people, 54 households, and 30 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|107.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|70.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. 0.83% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 54 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.4% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,625, and the median income for a family was $55,000. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $22,781. 2.3% of the population lived below the [[poverty line]], including no families, no one under eighteen or over 64.

