==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 237
|1910= 388
|1920= 449
|1930= 483
|1940= 479
|1950= 461
|1960= 430
|1970= 372
|1980= 400
|1990= 332
|2000= 311
|2010= 301
|2020= 287
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 301 people, 134 households, and 76 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|971.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 154 housing units at an average density of {{convert|496.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.7% of the population.

There were 134 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.3% were non-families. 38.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the village was 39.8 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 30.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 311 people, 146 households, and 88 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,023.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 162 housing units at an average density of {{convert|533.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.93% of the population.

There were 146 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.7% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 23.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $26,042, and the median income for a family was $35,417. Males had a median income of $26,563 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,259. About 16.0% of families and 21.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.4% of those under age 18 and 15.1% of those age 65 or over.

