==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 297
|1930= 262
|1940= 205
|1950= 164
|1960= 109
|1970= 106
|1980= 82
|1990= 85
|2000= 96
|2010= 72
|2020= 57
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 23, 2016}}</ref><br/>2017 Estimate<ref name="2017 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2017/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=March 22, 2019}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 72 people, 30 households, and 20 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|288.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|164.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 30 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the town was 38.5 years. 26.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.9% were from 25 to 44; 22.2% were from 45 to 64; and 11.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 96 people, 36 households, and 21 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|388.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|170.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.08% of the population.

There were 36 [[households]] out of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.55.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 36.5% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 32.3% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 7.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 134.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $26,875. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,090. There were 17.4% of families and 18.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 22.5% of under eighteens and 100.0% of those over 64.

