==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 255
|1900= 400
|1910= 587
|1920= 675
|1930= 852
|1940= 1008
|1950= 1176
|1960= 1398
|1970= 1458
|1980= 1538
|1990= 1371
|2000= 1417
|2010= 1280
|2020= 1223
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1189
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 20, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 20, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 19, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,280 people, 563 households, and 321 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|895.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 619 housing units at an average density of {{convert|432.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 54.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 40.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 563 households, of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.0% were non-families. 40.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 36.5 years. 27.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.1% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,417 people, 599 households, and 357 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,141.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 656 housing units at an average density of {{convert|528.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 66.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 28.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.56% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.64% of the population. 20.4% were of [[German people|German]], 15.8% [[Norwegian people|Norwegian]], 9.2% [[Finnish people|Finnish]] and 7.3% [[French people|French]] ancestry. 96.5% spoke [[english language|English]], 1.4% [[finnish language|Finnish]] and 1.4% [[spanish language|Spanish]] as their first language.

There were 599 households, out of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.4% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,222, and the median income for a family was $41,550. Males had a median income of $25,096 versus $20,391 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,614. About 16.0% of families and 19.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.6% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.

