==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 474
|1940= 1180
|1950= 2585
|1960= 7315
|1970= 7939
|1980= 7649
|1990= 7238
|2000= 7012
|2010= 6701
|2020= 6934
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
<ref name="2020Census">{{Cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/foxpointvillagewisconsin/PST045219 |title=Archived copy |access-date=August 16, 2021 |archive-date=December 10, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20241210070303/https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/foxpointvillagewisconsin/PST045219 |url-status=dead }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 6,701 people, 2,747 households, and 1,859 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2310.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,928 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1009.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 2,747 households, of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.3% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the village was 45.6 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.4% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 7,012 people, 2,825 households, and 1,988 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 2,399 people per square mile (927.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 2,910 housing units at an average density of 995.7 per square mile (384.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 95.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.01% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.06% of the population.

There were 2,825 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.6% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 27.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $80,572, and the median income for a family was $94,348. Males had a median income of $77,850 versus $38,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $48,469. About 1.8% of families and 2.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.1% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.

