==Demographics==
{| style="float:left; align:left; "
|-
|{{US Census population
|1850= 477
|1860= 613
|1870= 547
|1880= 571
|1890= 735
|1900= 742
|1910= 2036
|1920= 1900
|1930= 1717
|1940= 1844
|1950= 1610
|1960= 1907
|1970= 1426
|1980= 1433
|1990= 1170
|2000= 1075
|2010= 992
|2020= 977
|estyear=2025
|estimate=960
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
|}<!-- caution, formatting wikitable
--->
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,075 people, 459 households, and 312 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|831.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 527 housing units at an average density of {{convert|407.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.65% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.74% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.37% of the population.

There were 459 households, out of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were married couples living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 16.8% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 22.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.3 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $27,315, and the median income for a family was $36,641. Males had a median income of $31,964 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,368. About 10.4% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of those under age 18 and 5.4% of those age 65 or over.
{{Clear}}

