==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 206
|1920= 270
|1930= 258
|1940= 343
|1950= 349
|1960= 291
|1970= 351
|1980= 312
|1990= 283
|2000= 230
|2010= 200
|2020= 155
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 200 people, 89 households, and 53 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|132.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.0% from two or more races.

There were 89 households, of which 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.4% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 49.7 years. 22% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 23.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 230 people, 87 households, and 46 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|151.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|74.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.30% from two or more races.

There were 87 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.1% were non-families. 42.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 32.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 19.6% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 30.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 71.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 61.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,417, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $30,556 versus $20,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,758.  About 13.0% of families and 24.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.8% of those 65 or over.

