==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 209
|1920= 199
|1930= 174
|1940= 172
|1950= 281
|1960= 291
|1970= 247
|1980= 241
|1990= 230
|2000= 202
|2010= 166
|2020= 136
|estyear=2024
|estimate=133
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=August 9, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 166 people, 93 households, and 49 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|218.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|143.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.2% from two or more races.

There were 93 households, of which 15.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.3% were non-families. 44.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.78 and the average family size was 2.43.

The median age in the city was 56.3 years. 12.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15% were from 25 to 44; 39.6% were from 45 to 64; and 28.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 202 people, 104 households, and 50 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|260.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|152.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.50% from two or more races.

There were 104 households, out of which 22.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.0% were non-families. 47.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 35.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 29.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 64.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 62.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,000, and the median income for a family was $45,000. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $17,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,430. None of the families and 11.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 29.5% of those over 64.

