==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 129
|1940= 157
|1950= 91
|1960= 81
|1970= 64
|1980= 81
|1990= 57
|2000= 64
|2010= 72
|2020= 45
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 45 people, 21 households, and 16 families in Climax.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Climax%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 375.0 per square mile (144.8/km{{sup|2}}). There were 36 housing units at an average density of 300.0 per square mile (115.8/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Climax%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> Of the 45 people living in the city, 43 identified as [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]], 1 as [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], and 1 as [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Climax%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> 

Of the 21 households, 5 had children under the age of 18; 12 were married couples living together; 8 had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. Five households consisted of individuals and 3 had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.3 and the average family size was 3.1.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Climax%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 45 people living there, 12 were under the age of 18, none between 18 and 44, 10 were between 45 to 64, and 14 were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50.5 years. 24 of the population identified as female, and 21 as male.<ref name=:0 /> Of the 18-and-older population, 55% were male.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median family income was $68,750 (+/- $28,043).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Climax%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The median income for those above 16 years old was $20,833 (+/- $8,786).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Climax%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 72 people, 28 households, and 23 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|600.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|325.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.4% from two or more races.

There were 28 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 17.9% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 48.5 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 23.6% were from 45 to 64; and 31.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

