==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,018 people, 609 households, and 537 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 1,374.0 people per square mile (530.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 642 housing units at an average density of 437.1/sq&nbsp;mi (168.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.59% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.59% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.35% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.83% of the population.

There were 609 households, out of which 43.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.8% were non-families. 8.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.31 and the average family size was 3.51.

{{US Census population
| align = left
| 2000 = 2197
| 2010 = 1932
| 2020 = 1076
}}

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 31.2% from 45 to 64, and 6.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $108,343, and the median income for a family was $109,496. Males had a median income of $67,188 versus $35,588 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $40,098. None of the families and 0.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

