==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 5143
|2000= 2057
|2010= 2076
|2020= 1693
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
Drexel is part of the [[Dayton, Ohio|Dayton]] [[Greater Dayton|Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,057 people, 773 households, and 535 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|943.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 864 housing units at an average density of {{convert|396.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 61.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 35.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.68% of the population.

There were 773 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 26.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.7% were non-families. 25.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 31.4% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 91.2 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and over, there were 84.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $20,785, and the median income for a family was $21,061. Males had a median income of $28,804 versus $20,952 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,257. About 33.5% of families and 31.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.6% of those under age 18 and 14.1% of those ages 65 or over.

