==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 1174
|1880= 1148
|1890= 1118
|1900= 1301
|1910= 1630
|1920= 2002
|1930= 2934
|1940= 3395
|1950= 3599
|1960= 4061
|1970= 4771
|1980= 5253
|1990= 5823
|2000= 6772
|2010= 7775
|2020= 8210
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{failed verification|reason=No population information for this city is given at that link|date=November 2021}}
<ref name="QF2020">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/sheboyganfallscitywisconsin/PST045219 |title=QuickFacts: Sheboygan Falls city, Wisconsin |website=census.gov |accessdate=November 8, 2021}}</ref>
}}

{{update|section|reason=Newer information is available from the 2020 census report|date=November 2021}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 7,775 people, 3,480 households, and 2,152 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1472.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 3,681 housing units at an average density of {{convert|697.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 3,480 households, of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.2% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 42.6 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 6,772 people, 2,745 households, and 1,869 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,658.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 2,826 housing units at an average density of {{convert|692.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.71% from two or more races. 0.86% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 2,745 households, out of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $47,205, and the median income for a family was $55,668. Males had a median income of $40,006 versus $25,293 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,456. About 2.6% of families and 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.3% of those under age 18 and 4.6% of those age 65 or over.

