==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 173
|1910= 208
|1920= 193
|1930= 186
|1940= 212
|1950= 172
|1960= 164
|1970= 203
|1980= 208
|1990= 237
|2000= 177
|2010= 207
|2020= 155
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 207 people, 84 households, and 54 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|356.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|155.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 5.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 84 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.7% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 35.2 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 7.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.6% male and 46.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 177 people, 77 households, and 46 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|383.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|175.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.56% of the population.

There were 77 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 35.0% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,188, and the median income for a family was $53,750. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,176. About 9.6% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.1% of those 65 or over.

