==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 695
|1920= 1879
|1930= 1807
|1940= 1942
|1950= 1807
|1960= 1651
|1970= 1382
|1980= 1443
|1990= 1118
|2000= 1164
|2010= 1068
|2020= 984
|estyear=2022
|estimate=975
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 11, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 11, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,068 people, 475 households, and 265 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|434.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 546 housing units at an average density of {{convert|222.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 475 households, of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.2% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 39.9 years. 23.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.1% were from 25 to 44; 30.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,164 people, 522 households, and 306 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|473.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 550 housing units at an average density of {{convert|223.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.43% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.03% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.09% of the population.

There were 522 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was distributed as follows: 25.3% were under 18, 8.4% were between 18 and 24, 26.4% were between 25 and 44, 22.3% were between 45 and 64, and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. There were 97.6 males for every 100 females, and 91.2 males for every 100 females aged 18 and over.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,795, and the median income for a family was $34,688. Males had a median income of $32,961 versus $20,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,066.  About 11.8% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.9% of those under age 18 and 11.2% of those age 65 or over.

