==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 225
|1930= 271
|1940= 364
|1950= 287
|1960= 212
|1970= 198
|1980= 368
|1990= 357
|2000= 444
|2010= 463
|2020= 510
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 463 people, 134 households, and 116 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|71.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 144 housing units at an average density of {{convert|22.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.5% of the population.

There were 134 households, of which 48.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 13.4% were non-families. 11.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.46 and the average family size was 3.72.

The median age in the city was 31.1 years. 32.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.7% were from 25 to 44; 23.2% were from 45 to 64; and 13.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 444 people, 126 households, and 105 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|67.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|20.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.68% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.90% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.90% of the population.

There were 126 households, out of which 51.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.9% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.52 and the average family size was 3.95.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 41.9% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 17.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,442, and the median income for a family was $37,308. Males had a median income of $26,786 versus $22,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,653.  About 8.5% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.7% of those under age 18 and 6.4% of those age 65 or over.

