==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 259
|2020= 252
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 252 people, 92 households, and 77 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 330.6 inhabitants per square mile (127.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 98 housing units at an average density of 128.5 per square mile (49.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 96.8% [[White Americans|White]], 1.2% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.8% of the population.

Of the 92 households, 41.3% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 79.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% were cohabitating couples, 8.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 7.6% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 16.3% of all households were non-families. 14.1% of all households were made up of individuals, 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 44.0 years. 26.2% of the residents were under the age of 20; 2.4% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 and 44; 31.7% were from 45 and 64; and 16.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 44.8% male and 55.2% female.

