==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 145
|1960= 150
|1970= 148
|1980= 194
|1990= 181
|2000= 150
|2010= 148
|2020= 132
|estyear=2022
|estimate=131
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 8, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 8, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 148 people, 65 households, and 43 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|274.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 70 housing units at an average density of {{convert|129.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 65 households, of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.8% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the city was 48 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.6% were from 25 to 44; 35.1% were from 45 to 64; and 19.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 150 people, 71 households, and 39 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|276.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 71 households, out of which 19.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.7% were non-families. 38.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.0% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 34.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,417, and the median income for a family was $37,250. Males had a median income of $20,000 versus $20,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,189. There were 7.0% of families and 11.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 23.8% of under eighteens and 12.5% of those over 64.

