==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 258
|1920= 232
|1930= 174
|1940= 169
|1950= 136
|1960= 146
|1970= 174
|1980= 184
|1990= 148
|2000= 135
|2010= 136
|2020= 124
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 136 people, 45 households, and 33 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|523.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|219.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.1% of the population.

There were 45 households, of which 48.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.7% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.02 and the average family size was 3.58.

The median age in the village was 28 years. 38.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.6% were from 25 to 44; 17.6% were from 45 to 64; and 7.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 135 people, 48 households, and 33 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|528.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|203.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.22% from two or more races.

There were 48 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.9% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,333, and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $30,313 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,270. There were 8.1% of families and 12.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

