==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 105
|1940= 126
|1950= 88
|1960= 55
|1970= 54
|1980= 83
|1990= 92
|2000= 74
|2010= 69
|2020= 84
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 69 people, 33 households, and 20 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|52.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 33 households, of which 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.4% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the city was 50.5 years. 17.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 39.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.6% male and 46.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 74 people, 34 households, and 24 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|55.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|26.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.05% of the population.

There were 34 households, out of which 11.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.46.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 9.5% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 44.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 124.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 123.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,250, and the median income for a family was $40,750. Males had a median income of $33,542 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,559. There were 11.1% of families and 6.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

