==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1970 = 543
| 1980 = 813
| 1990 = 1045
| 2000 = 1461
| 2010 = 2612
| 2020 = 2764
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 2957
|estref={{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Shady Shores, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Shady%20Shores%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 15, 2024}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |access-date=2024-11-15 |website=Census.gov |language=en}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,461 people, 532 households, and 403 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|504.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 592 housing units at an average density of {{convert|204.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.96% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.71% of the population.

There were 532 households, out of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.2% were non-families. 19.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.0% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 34.2% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 6.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $61,667, and the median income for a family was $68,750. Males had a median income of $45,167 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $25,951. About 2.1% of families and 3.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.4% of those under age 18 and 9.0% of those age 65 or over.

