==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 147
|1870= 160
|1880= 200
|1970= 174
|1980= 173
|1990= 130
|2000= 97
|2010= 63
|2020= 71
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 72
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 63 people, 28 households, and 14 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|315.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|280.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 28 households, of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 46.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 3.29.

The median age in the village was 50.8 years. 14.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 36.5% were from 45 to 64; and 22.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 41.3% male and 58.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 97 people, 28 households, and 21 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|315|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|241.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.03% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.03% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]].

There were 39 households, out of which 20.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.6% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 20.6% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,333, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,197. There were 4.8% of families and 12.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 22.7% of under eighteens and 5.6% of those over 64.

