==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 933
|2020= 907
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=May 11, 2019}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-05-14|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 933 people, 375 households, and 267 families in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|677.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 434 housing units at an average density of {{convert|315.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 375 households, of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.8% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the CDP was 44.5 years. 20.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 42.0% were from 45 to 64; and 6.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the CDP was 54.3% male and 45.7% female.

