==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 297
|1980= 319
|1990= 250
|2000= 244
|2010= 238
|2020= 206
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br />2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]] of 2000,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 244 people, 94 households and 62 families in the town. The population density was {{convert|243.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|98.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 55.23% [[Race (U.S. census)|Native American]], 43.03% [[Race (U.S. census)|Black]] or [[Race (U.S. census)|African American]], 1.33% [[Race (U.S. census)|White]] and 0.41% from two or more races. 0,41% of the population were [[Race (U.S. census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (U.S. census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 94 households, out of which 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,214, and the median income for a family was $39,167. Males had a median income of $31,429 versus $22,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,023. 13.5% of the population and 10.0% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 22.2% of those under the age of 18 and 9.1% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

