==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 205
|1900= 134
|1910= 252
|1920= 226
|1930= 219
|1940= 181
|1950= 109
|1960= 98
|1970= 78
|1980= 83
|1990= 88
|2000= 80
|2010= 78
|2020= 61
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 78 people, 37 households, and 25 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|150.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.8% of the population.

There were 37 households, of which 18.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.4% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.56.

The median age in the city was 51.5 years. 17.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 30.8% were from 45 to 64; and 28.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 80 people, 37 households, and 25 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|153.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|94.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.00% of the population.

There were 37 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 128.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 122.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,250, and the median income for a family was $38,125. Males had a median income of $40,625 versus $6,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $23,849. There were 4.8% of families and 6.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 15.0% of those over 64.

