==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 163
|1920= 156
|1930= 144
|1940= 99
|1950= 81
|1960= 70
|1970= 70
|1980= 98
|1990= 77
|2000= 94
|2010= 66
|2020= 76
|estyear=2021
|estimate=73
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 66 people, 34 households, and 22 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|264.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|160.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 34 households, of which 11.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.41.

The median age in the village was 54.4 years. 12.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.6% were from 25 to 44; 60.5% were from 45 to 64; and 10.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 43.9% male and 56.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 94 people, 37 households, and 26 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|379.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|181.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.13% of the population.

There were 37 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.2% under the age of 18, 11.7% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 31.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $29,583, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,011. There were 8.3% of families and 21.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 38.1% of under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

