==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 248
|1890= 407
|1900= 364
|1910= 315
|1920= 287
|1930= 295
|1940= 409
|1950= 351
|1960= 403
|1970= 502
|1980= 598
|1990= 700
|2000= 562
|2010= 506
|2020= 619
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 562 people, 216 households, and 157 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 2,218.2 people per square mile (868.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 224 housing units at an average density of 884.1 per square mile (345.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.42% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.53% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.07% of the population.

There were 216 households, out of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 21.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 8.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.3 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 79.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $59,688, and the median income for a family was $73,333. Males had a median income of $53,571 versus $32,857 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $27,474. About 2.4% of families and 3.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.6% of those under age 18 and 6.1% of those age 65 or over.

