==Demographics==

===2020 census===
At the 2020 census, there was 192 people, 103 housing units, and 118 families in the town.<ref name=":0" />

===2000 census===
{{US Census population
|1910= 344
|1920= 265
|1930= 334
|1940= 277
|1950= 320
|1960= 295
|1970= 354
|1980= 325
|1990= 249
|2000= 315
|2010= 254
|2020= 192
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 315 people, 124 households, and 76 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|290.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 144 housing units at an average density of {{convert|132.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 64.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 35.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.27% of the population.

There were 124 households, out of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 36.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 28.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 71.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 69.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,500, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $17,292 versus $14,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,283. About 22.7% of families and 25.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.1% of those under age 18 and 34.8% of those age 65 or over.

