==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1860 = 1178
| 1870 = 1086
| 1880 = 955
| 1890 = 814
| 1900 = 890
| 1910 = 851
| 1920 = 1012
| 1930 = 901
| 1940 = 1016
| 1950 = 1153
| 1960 = 1181
| 1970 = 1242
| 1980 = 1373
| 1990 = 1269
| 2000 = 1454
| 2010 = 1519
| 2020 = 1604
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,519 people, 663 households, and 400 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|973.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 801 housing units at an average density of {{convert|513.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 663 households, of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.7% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the city was 42.5 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.3% were from 25 to 44; 30% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.0% male and 48.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,454 people, 615 households, and 373 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,036.1 people per square mile (401.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 695 housing units at an average density of 495.3 per square mile (191.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 97.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.76% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.48% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.03% from two or more races. 3.51% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 615 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.3% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,607, and the median income for a family was $44,904. Males had a median income of $33,105 versus $21,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,753. 7.7% of the population and 4.7% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. 9.6% of those under the age of 18 and 9.4% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

