==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 1833
|1920= 1632
|1930= 1679
|1940= 2000
|1950= 1922
|1960= 1679
|1970= 1582
|1980= 1969
|1990= 1958
|2000= 1961
|2010= 1920
|2020=1713
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5517425">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Crandon city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5517425&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=15 July 2022}}</ref> the population was 1,713. The [[population density]] was {{convert|328.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 959 housing units at an average density of {{convert|183.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 83.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.5% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 7.1% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 2.0% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,920 people, 771 households, and 496 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|367.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 964 housing units at an average density of {{convert|184.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 86.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 9.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 771 households, of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.7% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 40 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 10% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,961 people, 803 households, and 489 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 375.8 people per square mile (145.0/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 961 housing units at an average density of 184.1 per square mile (71.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 91.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 7.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.33% from two or more races. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Latino]] of any race were 0.92% of the population.

There were 803 households, out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were married couples living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,125, and the median income for a family was $35,260. Males had a median income of $27,763 versus $20,227 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,757. About 10.5% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.1% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.

