==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 2387
| 1910 = 2675
| 1920 = 2577
| 1930 = 1988
| 1940 = 2021
| 1950 = 2014
| 1960 = 2014
| 1970 = 2049
| 1980 = 2095
| 1990 = 2011
| 2000 = 1898
| 2010 = 3608
| 2020 = 3804
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $27,644, and the median income for a family was $41,964. Males had a median income of $27,900 versus $21,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,421. About 4.0% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.8% of those under age 18 and 11.2% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,608 people, 930 households, and 532 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|863.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,006 housing units at an average density of {{convert|240.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 80.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 16.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 930 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were married couples living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.8% were non-families. 37.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 37.6 years. 15.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 39.1% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 68.8% male and 31.2% female.

