==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 300
|1950= 488
|1960= 508
|1970= 504
|1980= 464
|1990= 399
|2000= 428
|2010= 381
|2020= 397
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 428 people, 180 households, and 126 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|5,538.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 183 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,368.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.93% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.23% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.47% of the population.

There were 180 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $56,111, and the median income for a family was $63,750. Males had a median income of $43,542 versus $36,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $25,348. About 1.8% of families and 3.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.5% of those under age 18 and 10.4% of those age 65 or over.

