==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 388
|1930= 377
|1940= 454
|1950= 476
|1960= 528
|1970= 815
|1980= 789
|1990= 758
|2000= 766
|2010= 712
|2020= 573
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Crowder racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2816940&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 17, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|194
|33.86%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|359
|62.65%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|11
|1.92%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|9
|1.57%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 573 people, 331 households, and 213 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 766 people, 309 households, and 198 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,690.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 334 housing units at an average density of {{convert|737.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 53.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 46.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.26% of the population.

There were 309 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.1% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $14,427, and the median income for a family was $27,143. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $20,391 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,534. About 32.6% of families and 37.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 44.0% of those under age 18 and 37.3% of those age 65 or over.

