==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 159
|1920= 194
|1930= 178
|1940= 174
|1950= 152
|1960= 124
|1970= 154
|1980= 96
|1990= 69
|2000= 69
|2010= 70
|2020= 46
|estyear=2022
|estimate=46
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 29, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 29, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 70 people, 31 households, and 19 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|89.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|44.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.4% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]].

There were 31 households, of which 19.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 48 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.1% were from 25 to 44; 48.5% were from 45 to 64; and 7.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 69 people, 28 households, and 16 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|89.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|45.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.35% of the population.

There were 28 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.3% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.9% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $31,750. [[Male|Males]] had a median income of $24,375 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,829. There were no families and 2.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

