==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1091
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, when the CDP was drawn to encompass {{convert|4.0|sqkm|order=flip}}, there were 2,022 people, 635 households, and 532 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,331.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 659 housing units at an average density of {{convert|433.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.73% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.07% of the population.

There were 635 households, out of which 51.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.2% were non-families. 12.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.18 and the average family size was 3.52.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 33.2% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 32.8% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 6.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $71,344, and the median income for a family was $81,407. Males had a median income of $55,833 versus $26,912 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $25,649. 0.9% of the population and less than 0.1% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. less than 0.1% of those under the age of 18 and 10.8% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

