==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1950 = 401
| 1960 = 480
| 1970 = 511
| 1980 = 700
| 1990 = 643
| 2000 = 770
| 2010 = 707
| 2020 = 715
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 707 people, 284 households, and 195 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|654.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 330 housing units at an average density of {{convert|305.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.2% of the population.

There were 284 households, of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.3% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 40 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 770 people, 261 households, and 192 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,247.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 290 housing units at an average density of {{convert|469.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 92.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.78% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.96% of the population.

There were 261 households, out of which 41.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.4% were non-families. 21.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,125, and the median income for a family was $35,882. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $24,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,486.  About 11.2% of families and 19.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.5% of those under age 18 and 13.3% of those age 65 or over.

