==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 332
|1900= 371
|1910= 388
|1920= 401
|1930= 588
|1940= 720
|1950= 849
|1960= 974
|1970= 947
|1980= 1131
|1990= 965
|2000= 961
|2010= 1408
|2020= 1431
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> there were 1,408 people, 629 households, and 315 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,301.5 people per square mile (501.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 726 housing units at an average density of 698.8 per square mile (269.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 86.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.8% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 449 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.0% were non-families. 42.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.5 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 82.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,192, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $19,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,265. About 21.3% of families and 24.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.2% of those under age 18 and 20.1% of those age 65 or over.

