==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 241
| 1930 = 200
| 1940 = 218
| 1950 = 194
| 1960 = 154
| 1970 = 204
| 1980 = 230
| 1990 = 146
| 2000 = 187
| 2010 = 209
| 2020 = 149
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 147
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Adona is part of the [[Little Rock, Arkansas|Little Rock]]&ndash;[[North Little Rock, Arkansas|North Little Rock]]&ndash;[[Conway, Arkansas|Conway]] [[Little Rock-North Little Rock-Conway metropolitan area|Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 187 people, 76 households and 58 families residing in the town.  The [[population density]] was 76.8/km{{sup|2}} (198.1/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 82 housing units at an average density of 33.7/km{{sup|2}} (86.9/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 94.12% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.21% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2.14% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 0.53% from two or more races.

There were 76 households, of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.4% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.81.

Age distribution was 24.6% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.2 males.

The [[median household income]] was $34,375, and the median family income was $38,333. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $30,247. About 11.1% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.7% of those 65 or over.{{clear left}}

