==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 511
| 1920 = 602
| 1930 = 680
| 1940 = 725
| 1950 = 893
| 1960 = 857
| 1970 = 908
| 1980 = 1039
| 1990 = 1124
| 2000 = 1262
| 2010 = 1137
| 2020 = 1154
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,137 people, 496 households, and 274 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|661.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 567 housing units at an average density of {{convert|329.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 496 households, of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.8% were non-families. 38.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the village was 41.4 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 23.6% were from 45 to 64; and 22.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,262 people, 536 households, and 286 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 820.6 people per square mile (316.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 586 housing units at an average density of 381.1 per square mile (146.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.40% of the population.

There were 536 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.5% were non-families. 42.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 22.3% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 31.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,380, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $30,987 versus $19,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,685. About 5.6% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.5% of those under age 18 and 21.1% of those age 65 or over.

