==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 55
|1970= 46
|1980= 53
|1990= 22
|2000= 30
|2010= 24
|2020= 22
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 30 people, 11 households, and 9 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|161.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 16 housing units at an average density of {{convert|86.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 96.67% White, and 3.33% from two or more races.
Of the 11 households 45.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 90.9% were married couples living together, and 9.1% were non-families. 9.1% of households were one person and none had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 2.90.

The age distribution was 26.7% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 23.3% 65 or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.3 males.

The median household income was $58,125 and the median family income was $59,375. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $26,250 for females. The per capita income for the city was $19,409. There were 18.2% of families and 9.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.
According to the 2010 Census, the population of the city was 24, all of which were White. None were Hispanic and Latino (of any race)<ref>{{Cite web |url=http://censusviewer.com/city/GA/Edgehill/2010 |title=2010 Census Population of Edge Hill, Georgia - CensusViewer |access-date=2016-06-18 |archive-date=2016-08-11 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20160811110228/http://censusviewer.com/city/GA/Edgehill/2010 |url-status=usurped }}</ref>

