==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 384
|1920= 355
|1930= 385
|1940= 380
|1950= 350
|1960= 384
|1970= 467
|1980= 498
|1990= 391
|2000= 425
|2010= 533
|2020= 408
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 533 people, 233 households, and 138 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|795.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 249 housing units at an average density of {{convert|371.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 233 households, of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.8% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 38.9 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 15.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 425 people, 196 households, and 111 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,549.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 220 housing units at an average density of {{convert|802.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.94% of the population.

There were 196 households, out of which 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 38.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,034, and the median income for a family was $25,179. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $20,227 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,240. About 15.9% of families and 19.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.4% of those under age 18 and 14.0% of those age 65 or over.

