==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 93
|1910= 98
|1920= 94
|1930= 61
|1940= 91
|1950= 57
|1960= 54
|1970= 56
|1980= 81
|1990= 9
|2000= 0
|2010= 89
|2020= 92
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau }}</ref> 2020<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web|title=2020 Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US2943346|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were no people living in the village.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 89 people, 28 households, and 22 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1483.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|533.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.12% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.12% of the population.

There were 28 households, of which 53.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.4% were non-families. 7.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.18 and the average family size was 3.27.

The median age in the village was 27.5 years. 34.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 20.2% were from 45 to 64; and 10.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 57.3% male and 42.7% female.

