==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 242
|1900= 282
|1910= 280
|1920= 271
|1930= 222
|1940= 267
|1950= 264
|1960= 225
|1970= 251
|1980= 230
|1990= 153
|2000= 167
|2010= 400
|2020= 389
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 400 people, 169 households, and 99 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1000.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 197 housing units at an average density of {{convert|492.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 80.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 19.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 169 households, of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.4% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the town was 39.6 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.4% were from 25 to 44; 22.7% were from 45 to 64; and 19.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[United States Census, 2000|2000 census]], there were 167 people, 75 households, and 44 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|674.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 97 housing units at an average density of {{convert|391.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]].  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.40% of the population.<ref name="GR1" />

There were 75 households, out of which 16.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.93.<ref name="GR1" />

In the town, the population was spread out, with 16.2% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 30.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.4 males.<ref name="GR1" />

The median income for a household in the town was $50,417, and the median income for a family was $56,429. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $21,389 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $22,374. None of the families and 2.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 7.1% of those over 64.<ref name="GR1" />

