==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 443
|2010= 621
|2020= 727
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 443 people, 235 households, and 141 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|198.9|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 828 housing units at an average density of {{convert|371.7|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[Black (U.S. Census)|black]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.93% of the population.

There were 235 households, out of which 8.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.6% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.89 and the average family size was 2.32.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 8.8% under the age of 18, 2.3% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 40.0% from 45 to 64, and 28.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $39,125, and the median income for a family was $39,708. Males had a median income of $50,341 versus $26,429 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $29,007. About 23.4% of families and 16.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.9% of those under age 18 and 15.4% of those age 65 or over.

