==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 116
|1970= 322
|1980= 417
|1990= 506
|2000= 552
|2010= 623
|2020= 809
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
{{coord|44|54|58|N|93|07|34|W|type:city_region:US-MN|display=title}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 623 people, 375 households, and 181 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1074.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 444 housing units at an average density of {{convert|765.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 375 households, of which 6.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 51.7% were non-families. 46.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.66 and the average family size was 2.23.

The median age in the city was 63.3 years. 5.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.8% were from 25 to 44; 29.9% were from 45 to 64; and 46.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 41.9% male and 58.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 552 people, 338 households, and 154 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|756.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 383 housing units at an average density of {{convert|524.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 94.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.72% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.81% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.17% of the population.

There were 338 households, out of which 5.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 54.4% were non-families. 49.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.63 and the average family size was 2.25.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 6.0% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 14.5% from 25 to 44, 29.5% from 45 to 64, and 46.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 62 years. For every 100 females, there were 70.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 68.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $54,792, and the median income for a family was $82,001. Males had a median income of $52,500 versus $40,815 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $42,724.  None of the families and 2.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 0.8% of those over 64.

