==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
| 1980 = 422
| 1990 = 606
| 2000 = 683
| 2010 = 767
| 2020 = 741
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Payne Springs, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Payne%20Springs%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 23, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 683 people, 272 households, and 196 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|361.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 369 housing units at an average density of {{convert|195.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.02% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.59% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.46% of the population.

There were 272 households, out of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,269, and the median income for a family was $34,688. Males had a median income of $40,455 versus $21,146 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,451. About 12.8% of families and 15.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.0% of those under age 18 and 13.4% of those age 65 or over.

