==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,833 people, 1,233 households, and 1,009 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 443.1 people per square mile (171.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,268 housing units at an average density of 146.6/sq&nbsp;mi (56.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 80.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 15.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.02% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.79% of the population.

There were 1,233 households, out of which 50.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.1% were non-families. 13.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.11 and the average family size was 3.42.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 34.2% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 33.4% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 5.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $55,872, and the median income for a family was $60,893. Males had a median income of $42,004 versus $30,494 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,052. About 8.1% of families and 7.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of those under age 18 and 4.3% of those age 65 or over.

