==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 91
| 1910 = 242
| 1920 = 253
| 1930 = 385
| 1940 = 412
| 1950 = 407
| 1960 = 273
| 1970 = 394
| 1980 = 519
| 1990 = 332
| 2000 = 498
| 2010 = 466
| 2020 = 547
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 516
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Jasper racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0534900&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 27, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 500
| 91.41%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1
| 0.18%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 7
| 1.28%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 4
| 0.73%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.18%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 24
| 4.39%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 10
| 1.83%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 547 people, 240 households, and 137 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 498 people in 231 households, including 115 families, in the city.  The population density was {{convert|940.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 261 housing units at an average density of {{convert|492.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 99.98% White, 0.01% Native American, 0.01% from other races, and 0.00% from two or more races.  0.00% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
Of the 233 households 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.5% were married couples living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 49.8% were non-families. 48.5% of households were one person and 27.8% were one person aged 65 or older.  The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.82.

The age distribution was 21.3% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 18.7% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 31.1% 65 or older.  The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 71.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 63.7 males.

The median household income was $13,556 and the median family income  was $26,668. Males had a median income of $21,458 versus $16,786 for females. The per capita income for the city was $13,557.  About 25.9% of families and 31.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 47.6% of those under age 18 and 25.4% of those age 65 or over.

