==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 105
|1890= 1205
|1900= 1226
|1910= 1200
|1920= 1214
|1930= 1143
|1940= 1173
|1950= 1000
|1960= 1141
|1970= 1255
|1980= 1432
|1990= 1370
|2000= 1408
|2010= 1390
|2020= 1344
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,390 people, 518 households, and 349 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1390.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 594 housing units at an average density of {{convert|594.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 518 households, of which 40.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.3% had a female householder, 7.1% had a male householder, and 32.6% were other-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age in the village was 34.1 years. 29.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.9% were from 25 to 44; 23.2% were from 45 to 64; and 12.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,408 people, 535 households, and 367 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|1,420.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 582 housing units at an average density of {{convert|587.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 95.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.71% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.20% of the population.

There were 535 households, out of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,583, and the median income for a family was $32,375. Males had a median income of $25,313 versus $18,917 for females.

