==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 151
|1870= 225
|1930= 480
|1940= 514
|1950= 676
|1960= 820
|1970= 905
|1980= 821
|1990= 768
|2000= 676
|2010= 634
|2020= 573
|estyear=2021
|estimate=564
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 676 people, 277 households, and 186 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|766.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 315 housing units at an average density of {{convert|357.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.44% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.04% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.66% of the population.

Of the 277 village households, 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.04.

The ages of population are well spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $43,359, and the median income for a family was $52,500. Males had a median income of $32,083 versus $21,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,361. About 1.6% of families and 2.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.3% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

As of the 2010 census, the population was 634 (a decrease of 42 people or 6.21%) and there was 267 households (a decrease of 10 households or 3.61%).  The population density of the village was 704.4 people per square mile (275.7/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the village was: 98.27% (623 people) white; 0.16% (1 person) African-American; 0.32% (2 people) Asian; 0.16% (1 person) Native American/Alaskan; and 1.10% (7 people) of two or more races.  Out of the whole population, 0.79% (5 people) were of Hispanic/Latino origin.

The ages of the population are 21.92% (139 people) under the age of 18; 2.37% (15 people) ages 18 and 19; 4.89% (31 people) ages 20–24; 7.73% (49 people) ages 25–34; 19.24% (122 people) ages 35–49; 24.13% (153 people) ages 50–64; and 19.72% (125 people) over the age of 65.  Of the population, 50.16% (318 people) were male and 49.84% (316 people) were female.<ref>{{cite web|title=2010 U.S. Census |url=http://2010.census.gov/2010census/popmap/ |accessdate=September 14, 2012 |url-status=dead |archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20131013222920/http://2010.census.gov/2010census/popmap/ |archivedate=October 13, 2013 }}</ref>

There are two churches in the village proper, one [[Catholic]] and the other [[Baptist]], reflecting the religious heritages of the early area settlers, though there are [[Amish]] and [[Mennonites]] in the immediate area and those of other beliefs as well. The Catholic church has reduced its services, now being used rarely.

The village and environs are served by a volunteer fire department and ambulance squad, and are part of the County [[Mutual aid (emergency services)|Mutual Aid]] Plan.

