==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 170
|1910= 368
|1920= 353
|1930= 281
|1940= 220
|1950= 113
|1960= 76
|1970= 35
|1980= 10
|1990= 7
|2000= 18
|2010= 3
|2020= 6
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=May 29, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref name="2013 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=July 11, 2014}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3 people, 3 households, and 0 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 8 housing units at an average density of {{convert|5.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 33.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 33.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 33.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 33.3% of the population.

There were 3 households, of which 100.0% were non-families. 100.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.00 and the average family size was 0.00.

The median age in the town was 60.5 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 0.0% were from 25 to 44; 66.6% were from 45 to 64; and 33.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 100.0% male and 0.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 18 people, 2 households, and 0 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 11.4 people per square mile (4.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 6 housing units at an average density of 3.8 per square mile (1.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 2 households, out of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, none were [[Marriage|married couples]]  living together, and 100.0% were non-families. 100.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.00 and the average family size was 0.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 5.6% from 25 to 44, 5.6% from 45 to 64, and 88.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 90 years. For every 100 females, there were 38.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 38.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $3,750, and the median income for a family was $0. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $22,883. There were no families and 100.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

