==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 371
|2000= 345
|2010= 318
|2020= 328
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Nikolaevsk first reported on the 1990 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Largest ancestries (2000) <ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |title=U.S. Census website |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=October 18, 2016 }}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| [[Russian Americans|Russian]]  || 67.5% 
|-
| [[German Americans|German]]  || 7.5%
|-
| [[English Americans|English]]  || 7.2%
|-
| [[Irish Americans|Irish]]|| 3.6%
|-
| [[French American|French]] ||2.6% 
|-
| [[Dutch Americans|Dutch]]|| 1.0% 
|-
| [[Hungarian Americans|Hungarian]] || 1.0% 
|-
| [[Swedish Americans|Swedish]]  || 1.0% 
|-
| [[Americans|American]] || 1.0%

|}
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/map_data_results&SRVY_YEAR=2000&geo=&state_id=2&county_id=&mode=place&lang_id=&zip=&place_id=54085&cty_id=&region_id=&division_id=&ll=&ea=y&order=&a=y&pc=1|title=Data Center Results|website=apps.mla.org|accessdate=January 13, 2019}}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| Spoke [[Russian language|Russian]] at home || 66.57% 
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 33.43%
|-
| Spoke English "not well" or "not at all." || 5.52%
|-
|}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 345 people, 96 households, and 72 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|9.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 81.74% [[White people|Caucasian]], 1.74% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 1.16% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.03% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 13.04% from two or more races.  0.29% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

Out of the 96 households, 57.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.6% were married couples living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.0% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.59 and the average family size was 4.33.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 45.2% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 17.1% from 45 to 64, and 3.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $42,625,<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?searchType=web&cssp=SERP&q=Nikolaevsk%20CDP,%20AK|title = Search Results}}</ref> and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $10,956 for females.<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?searchType=web&cssp=SERP&q=Nikolaevsk%20CDP,%20AK|title = Search Results}}</ref> The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,390.  About 15.8% of families and 19.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.9% of those under age 18 and 16.7% of those age 65 or over.

