==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|729
|1890|704
|1900|794
|1910|733
|1920|690
|1930|634
|1940|656
|1950|724
|1960|797
|1970|746
|1980|702
|1990|659
|2000|626
|2010|515
|2020|523
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 523 people, 230 households, and 132 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,078.4 inhabitants per square mile (416.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 274 housing units at an average density of 565.0 per square mile (218.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White Americans|White]], 0.8% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from other races and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.4% of the population.

Of the 230 households, 27.4% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% were cohabitating couples, 33.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 18.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 42.6% of all households were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 42.2 years. 26.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 and 44; 28.5% were from 45 and 64; and 17.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 515 people, 243 households, and 136 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1009.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 283 housing units at an average density of {{convert|554.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 99.0% White, 0.6% Native American, and 0.4% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.2%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref>

Of the 243 households 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were married couples living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.0% were non-families. 38.3% of households were one person and 20.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age was 44.9 years. 21.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 29.5% were from 45 to 64; and 20.4% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 626 people, 277 households, and 173 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,230.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 298 housing units at an average density of {{convert|585.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makup]] of the city was 98.56% White, 0.64% African American, 0.32% Native American, and 0.48% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.16%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref>

Of the 277 households 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 35.4% of households were one person and 21.7% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.91.

The age distribution was 26.4% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% 65 or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.9 males.

The median household income was $31,979 and the median family income  was $41,538. Males had a median income of $30,938 versus $23,611 for females. The per capita income for the city was $15,787. About 10.6% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.8% of those under age 18 and 9.7% of those age 65 or over.

