==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 406
|1880= 631
|1890= 590
|1900= 817
|1910= 711
|1920= 896
|1930= 781
|1940= 793
|1950= 781
|1960= 925
|1970= 940
|1980= 1172
|1990= 1002
|2000= 957
|2010= 896
|2020= 702
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 896 people, 402 households, and 243 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2560.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 447 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1277.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 402 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.6% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the village was 41.7 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 957 people, 413 households, and 265 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,656.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 464 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,288.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.42% of the population.

There were 413 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,655, and the median income for a family was $30,903. Males had a median income of $34,205 versus $15,284 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,413. About 24.1% of families and 29.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 45.8% of those under age 18 and 24.4% of those age 65 or over.

