==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 313
|2020= 770
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=November 8, 2020|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20201108185756/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 582 people, 249 households, and 162 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|93.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 734 housing units at an average density of {{convert|118.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.58% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.58% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.44% of the population.<ref name="GR2" />

There were 249 households, out of which 24.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. Of all households 27.7% were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.86.<ref name="GR2" />

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 33.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.3 males.<ref name="GR2" />

The median income for a household in the CDP was $54,048, and the median income for a family was $78,707. Males had a median income of $43,750 versus $27,321 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $44,474. About 1.9% of families and 1.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.5% of those under age 18 and 1.8% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="GR2" />

