==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 126
|1900= 174
|1910= 209
|1920= 296
|1930= 435
|1940= 469
|1950= 535
|1960= 538
|1970= 555
|1980= 597
|1990= 516
|2000= 698
|2010= 708
|2020= 802
| estyear=2022
| estimate=808
| estref=<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2022/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2022-POP-37.xlsx |title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places in North Carolina: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2022|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=April 12, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Grover racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3728400&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 21, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 622
| 77.56%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 86
| 10.72%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.12%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 16
| 2.0%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.12%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 49
| 6.11%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 27
| 3.37%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 802 people, 272 households, and 187 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 698 people, 280 households and 206 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|706.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 313 housing units at an average density of {{convert|316.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.72% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.43% of the population.

There were 280 households, of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.1% were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.92.

26.8% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.9 males.

The [[median household income]] was $32,083 and the median family income was $43,000. Males had a median income of $33,977 and females $25,769 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $16,132. About 13.5% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.8% of those under age 18 and 11.4% of those age 65 or over.

