==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 104
|1920= 171
|1930= 181
|1940= 193
|1950= 139
|1960= 107
|1970= 103
|1980= 104
|1990= 72
|2000= 63
|2010= 63
|2020= 50
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> there were 63 people, 30 households and 22 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|700.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|377.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 30 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 13.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.7% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age was 45.8 years. 14.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 33.2% were from 45 to 64; and 19% were 65 years of age or older. The population was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 63 people, 29 households and 18 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|737.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|421.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 98.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.59% from two or more races.

There were 29 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.9% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.83.

28.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $19,000 and the median family income was $21,250. Males had a median income of $17,500 and females $19,583. The [[per capita income]] was $13,368. There were 20.0% of families and 12.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 42.9% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

