==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 317
|1890= 1350
|1900= 1156
|1910= 1067
|1920= 1084
|1930= 1029
|1940= 1139
|1950= 1070
|1960= 1048
|1970= 1143
|1980= 1109
|1990= 1008
|2000= 1003
|2010= 1050
|2020= 1029
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 16, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|census of 2010]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> there were 1,050 people, 427 households, and 274 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1082.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 466 housing units at an average density of {{convert|480.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanics]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latinos]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 427 households, of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were married couples living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.8% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the city was 38 years. 26.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.4% were from 25 to 44; 28.1% were from 45 to 64; and 13% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|census of 2000]], there were 1,003 people, 434 households, and 293 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,254.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 465 housing units at an average density of {{convert|529.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanics]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latinos]] of any race were 0.54% of the population.

There were 434 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were married couples living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.3% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $42,692, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $37,656 versus $21,354 for females. The per capita income for the city was $18,674. About 5.1% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.7% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

