==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 295
|1930= 256
|1940= 240
|1950= 213
|1960= 232
|1970= 177
|1980= 197
|1990= 211
|2000= 254
|2010= 232
|2020= 206
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 232 people, 102 households, and 61 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|223.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|108.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 102 households, of which 19.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.2% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.59.

The median age in the town was 48.3 years. 15.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 41% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 254 people, 106 households, and 64 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|251.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|110.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.39% of the population.

There were 106 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.83.

There was a wide distribution of ages, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,161, and the median income for a family was $39,318. Males had a median income of $27,222 versus $23,542 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,855. About 6.1% of families and 17.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 51.0% of those 65 or over.

