==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 366
|2020= 371
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 371 people, 154 households, and 117 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 381.3 inhabitants per square mile (147.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 226 housing units at an average density of 232.3 per square mile (89.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 90.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.8% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.8% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.9% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.5% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from other races and 5.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.4% of the population.

Of the 154 households, 27.3% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% were cohabitating couples, 12.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 14.9% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 24.0% of all households were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 48.9 years. 25.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 18.1% were from 25 and 44; 31.0% were from 45 and 64; and 22.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

