==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 198
|1910= 426
|1920= 366
|1930= 435
|1940= 506
|1950= 580
|1960= 594
|1970= 614
|1980= 595
|1990= 696
|2000= 808
|2010= 871
|2020= 846
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Cleveland racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3713000&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 21, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 527
| 62.29%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 191
| 22.58%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.12%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 4
| 0.47%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.12%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 65
| 7.68%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 57
| 6.74%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 846 people, 392 households, and 283 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 871 people, 328 households, and 236 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|580.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 377 housing units at an average density of {{convert|251.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 66.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 24.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 5.4% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.5% of the population.

There were 328 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.0% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $39,474, and the median income for a family was $58,000. Males had a median income of $51,000 versus $29,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,506. About 13.1% of families and 20.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of those under age 18 and 8.9% of those age 65 or over.

