==Demographics==
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 116 people, 49 households, and 30 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 280.2 inhabitants per square mile (108.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 54 housing units at an average density of 130.4 per square mile (50.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 96.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 3.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.6% of the population.

Of the 49 households, 12.2% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% were cohabitating couples, 12.2% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 30.6% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 38.8% of all households were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, 22.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 44.4 years. 23.3% of the residents were under the age of 20; 6.9% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 and 44; 25.9% were from 45 and 64; and 21.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

