==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 551
|1880= 610
|1890= 886
|1900= 979
|1910= 890
|1920= 899
|1930= 875
|1940= 956
|1950= 984
|1960= 1290
|1970= 1343
|1980= 1270
|1990= 1144
|2000= 1085
|2010= 947
|2020=777
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5513050">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Cassville village, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5513050&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=July 20, 2022}}</ref> the population was 777. The [[population density]] was {{convert|747.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 514 housing units at an average density of {{convert|494.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 3.3% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 1.2% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 947 people, 428 households, and 277 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|976.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 582 housing units at an average density of {{convert|600.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 428 households, of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the village was 48.3 years. 20.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17% were from 25 to 44; 31.2% were from 45 to 64; and 23.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,085 people, 488 households, and 302 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,005.1 people per square mile (387.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 572 housing units at an average density of 529.9 per square mile (204.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. 0.37% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 488 households, out of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 24.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,179, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $29,271 versus $17,014 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,010. About 10.3% of families and 14.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.1% of those under age 18 and 23.3% of those age 65 or over.

