==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1153
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Pearlington racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2855920&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-16|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|812
|70.42%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|228
|19.77%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|15
|1.3%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|6
|0.52%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|62
|5.38%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|30
|2.6%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,153 people, 371 households, and 215 families residing in the CDP.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,684 people, 648 households, and 460 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|184.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 830 housing units at an average density of {{convert|91.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 77.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 20.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.37% of the population.

There were 648 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.0% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 29.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $31,224, and the median income for a family was $36,711. Males had a median income of $32,450 versus $25,948 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,040. About 18.2% of families and 17.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.0% of those under age 18 and 22.3% of those age 65 or over.

