==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1960 = 113
| 1970 = 164
| 1980 = 124
| 1990 = 103
| 2000 = 80
| 2010 = 61
| 2020 = 53
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 51
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 80 people, 33 households, and 20 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|588.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|286.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.75% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 5.00% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 1.25% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 32.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 134.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $33,250. Males had a median income of $16,250 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,452. There were no families and 12.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

