==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 636 people, 269 households, and 171 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|819.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 297 housing units at an average density of {{convert|382.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 99.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.47% from two or more races.

There were 269 households, out of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.1% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.3 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $26,979, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $17,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,199. About 11.6% of families and 15.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.3% of those under age 18 and 3.4% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear left}}

