==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 91
|1990= 718
|2000= 1163
|2010= 1626
|2020= 2013
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Kiawah Island racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4538162&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 15, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|1,915
|95.13%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|20
|0.99%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|22
|1.09%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|25
|1.24%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|31
|1.54%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 2,013 people, 869 households, and 675 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,163 people, 557 households, and 474 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|104.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,070 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.12% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.17% of the population.

There were 557 households, out of which 6.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 82.9% were married couples living together, 1.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.9% were non-families. Of all households 13.1% were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.25.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 6.0% under the age of 18, 1.5% from 18 to 24, 6.4% from 25 to 44, 48.8% from 45 to 64, and 37.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 61 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $76,114, and the median income for a family was $83,829. Males had a median income of $60,938 versus $32,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $47,782. About 4.4% of families and 6.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.9% of those under age 18 and 3.6% of those age 65 or over.

