==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 249
|1910= 212
|1920= 241
|1930= 222
|1940= 176
|1950= 180
|1960= 136
|1970= 121
|1980= 87
|1990= 84
|2000= 68
|2010= 78
|2020= 62
|estyear=2022
|estimate=60
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 1, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 1, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 78 people, 34 households, and 20 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|60.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|33.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 9.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 34 households, of which 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.2% were non-families. 41.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 46.5 years. 20.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.8% were from 25 to 44; 21.7% were from 45 to 64; and 28.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.6% male and 47.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 68 people, 32 households, and 20 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|53.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|36.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 4.41% from two or more races.

There were 32 households, out of which 21.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.1% under the age of 18, 2.9% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 32.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,866. There were no families and 9.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 11.8% of those over 64.

