==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 163
|1870= 807
|1880= 1156
|1890= 1456
|1900= 1605
|1910= 1526
|1920= 1438
|1930= 1532
|1940= 1637
|1950= 1607
|1960= 1457
|1970= 1574
|1980= 1520
|1990= 1283
|2000= 1233
|2010= 1176
|2020= 1012
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,176 people, 535 households, and 312 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|897.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 667 housing units at an average density of {{convert|509.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 535 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.7% were non-families. 38.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 46 years. 22.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 24.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.0% male and 54.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,233 people, 571 households, and 339 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|940.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 678 housing units at an average density of {{convert|517.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.65% of the population.

There were 571 households, out of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.6% were non-families. 38.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the city the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 21.5% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 26.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,900, and the median income for a family was $30,938. Males had a median income of $21,492 versus $16,458 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,863. About 15.1% of families and 19.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.7% of those under age 18 and 19.3% of those age 65 or over.

