==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 240
|1900= 240
|1910= 208
|1920= 215
|1930= 159
|1940= 167
|1950= 141
|1960= 89
|1970= 91
|1980= 104
|1990= 89
|2000= 90
|2010= 47
|2020= 29
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 47 people, 19 households, and 12 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|427.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|309.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 19 households, of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.8% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.17.

The median age in the village was 46.5 years. 21.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.2% were from 25 to 44; 38.3% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 42.6% male and 57.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 90 people, 37 households, and 23 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|874.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|437.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.44% from two or more races.

There were 37 households, out of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 31.1% from 45 to 64, and 21.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $21,146 versus $11,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,028. There were 9.1% of families and 15.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

