==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 942
|1920= 788
|1930= 704
|1940= 753
|1950= 732
|1960= 765
|1970= 595
|1980= 653
|1990= 718
|2000= 696
|2010= 785
|2020= 845
|estyear=2023
|estimate=814
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=August 21, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 21, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 785 people, 338 households, and 185 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|470.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 372 housing units at an average density of {{convert|222.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 338 households, of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.3% were non-families. 41.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 37.1 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 19.6% were from 45 to 64; and 20.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 696 people, 304 households, and 175 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|465.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 324 housing units at an average density of {{convert|216.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 92.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.86% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.72% of the population.

There were 304 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.4% were non-families. 37.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the city the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 15.8% from 45 to 64, and 28.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 68.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 64.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,848, and the median income for a family was $29,750. Males had a median income of $28,594 versus $16,838 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,536.  About 11.6% of families and 16.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.5% of those under age 18 and 15.8% of those age 65 or over.

