==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 703
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 911 people, 345 households, and 245 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|460.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 360 housing units at an average density of {{convert|182.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.78% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]], 5.27% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|African American]], 1.10% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Asian]], 0.22% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Pacific Islander]], 1.10% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|other races]], and 1.54% from two or more races. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Latino]] of any race were 2.09% of the population.

There were 345 households, out of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 29.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $59,375, and the median income for a family was $63,182. Males had a median income of $50,313 versus $26,696 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,564. About 8.3% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty threshold]], including 9.1% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

