==Demographics==

{{US Census population
| align = center
| 1980 = 282
| 1990 = 173
| 2000 = 405
| 2010 = 368
| 2020 = 399
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Mildred, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Mildred%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 23, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 405 people, 132 households, and 111 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|182.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|66.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.25% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.98% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.25% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.42% of the population.

There were 132 households, out of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.9% were non-families. 12.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $39,821, and the median income for a family was $50,250. Males had a median income of $31,806 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,272. About 18.2% of families and 19.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.1% of those under age 18 and 32.4% of those age 65 or over.

