==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1870 = 465
| 1880 = 574
| 1890 = 567
| 1900 = 578
| 1910 = 546
| 1920 = 543
| 1930 = 544
| 1940 = 595
| 1950 = 491
| 1960 = 328
| 1970 = 264
| 1980 = 257
| 1990 = 291
| 2000 = 290
| 2010 = 327
| 2020 = 353
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 290 people, 112 households, and 91 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 340.8 people per square mile (131.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 139 housing units at an average density of 163.4 per square mile (63.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.79% of the population.

There were 112 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.8% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 14.8% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 27.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,227, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $30,714 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,003. None of the families and 1.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 1.3% of those over 64.

