==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 337
|1870= 400
|1880= 188
|1910= 199
|1920= 190
|1930= 207
|1940= 202
|1950= 143
|1960= 141
|1970= 156
|1980= 156
|1990= 106
|2000= 99
|2010= 81
|2020= 112
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 99 people, 43 households, and 26 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|271.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|145.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 85.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.02% from two or more races.

There were 43 households, out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.5% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 15.2% from 25 to 44, 29.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $28,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,335. There were 22.2% of families and 29.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 48.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64. Most of those living below the [[poverty line]] receive [[federal aid]].

