==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 10065
|1970= 10460
|1980= 10095
|1990= 9245
|2000= 8662
|2010= 9363
|2020= 9161
|estyear=2021
|estimate=9457
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2021.html|date=May 16, 2022|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=August 10, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=August 10, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 9,365 people, 4,494 households, and 2,210 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3672.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 4,828 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1893.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 88.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.4% of the population.

There were 4,494 households, of which 19.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.8% were non-families. 42.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the city was 42 years. 15.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.3% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 8,662 people, 4,050 households, and 2,158 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 3,421.7 people per square mile (1,321.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 4,193 housing units at an average density of 1,656.4 per square mile (639.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 93.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.97% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.88% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.50% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.53% of the population.

There were 4,050 households, out of which 21.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.7% were non-families. 40.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,721, and the median income for a family was $49,896. Males had a median income of $37,013 versus $27,129 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,837. About 2.7% of families and 6.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.6% of those under age 18 and 14.1% of those age 65 or over.

