==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 421
| 1920 = 597
| 1930 = 471
| 1940 = 526
| 1950 = 542
| 1960 = 545
| 1970 = 575
| 1980 = 529
| 1990 = 499
| 2000 = 548
| 2010 = 537
| 2020 = 599
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 24, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 537 people, 261 households, and 145 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|852.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 304 housing units at an average density of {{convert|482.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 261 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.4% were non-families. 39.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the town was 50.8 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.3% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 29.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 548 people, 258 households, and 163 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,056.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 279 housing units at an average density of {{convert|537.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.55% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.64% of the population.

There were 258 households, out of which 22.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were married couples living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.8% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 20.8% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 30.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,393, and the median income for a family was $44,643. Males had a median income of $31,389 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,722. About 5.4% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.2% of those under age 18 and 3.6% of those age 65 or over.

