==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 165
| 1930 = 130
| 1940 = 135
| 1950 = 101
| 1960 = 111
| 1970 = 88
| 1980 = 101
| 1990 = 91
| 2000 = 106
| 2010 = 70
| 2020 = 79
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 31, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 70 people, 33 households, and 23 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|241.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|137.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 7.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 33 households, of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.3% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.57.

The median age in the town was 47.5 years. 18.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.3% were from 25 to 44; 37.1% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 54.3% male and 45.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 106 people, 35 households, and 26 families living in the town. The population density was 369.0 people per square mile (141.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 38 housing units at an average density of 132.3 per square mile (50.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 94.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.94% from two or more races.

There were 35 households, out of which 51.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were married couples living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.7% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.03 and the average family size was 3.54.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 37.7% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 13.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,778, and the median income for a family was $32,750. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,026. There were 13.0% of families and 15.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 5.7% of under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.

