==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 854
|1960= 1193
|1970= 1782
|1980= 2050
|1990= 1838
|2000= 1760
|2010= 1724
|2020= 1601
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=March 3, 2023}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,724 people, 750 households, and 436 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|968.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 811 housing units at an average density of {{convert|455.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 750 households, of which 20.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.9% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the village was 50.5 years. 15.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 30.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,760 people, 690 households, and 445 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 945.7 people per square mile (365.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 702 housing units at an average density of 377.2 per square mile (145.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 95.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.84% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.14% of the population.

There were 690 households, out of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.9% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 26.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,381, and the median income for a family was $56,667. Males had a median income of $35,163 versus $24,286 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,492. About 0.7% of families and 5.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.7% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.

