==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 304
|1940= 302
|1950= 365
|1960= 302
|1970= 370
|1980= 494
|1990= 408
|2000= 456
|2010= 818
|2020= 605
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Forest Hill racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2226420&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 346
| 57.19%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 12
| 1.98%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.17%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 9
| 1.49%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 5
| 0.83%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 232
| 38.35%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 605 people, 315 households, and 214 families residing in the village.

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 813 people, 367 households, and 245 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|258|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 282 housing units at an average density of {{convert|82.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 52.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.52% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 42.98% of the population.

There were 167 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.3% were married couples living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.6% were non-families. 18.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,667, and the median income for a family was $42,292. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,859. About 18.0% of families and 25.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.5% of those under age 18 and 14.0% of those age 65 or over.

