==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 131
|1920= 115
|1930= 94
|1940= 114
|1950= 75
|1960= 42
|1970= 26
|1980= 23
|1990= 15
|2000= 10
|2010= 16
|2020= 7
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 16 people, 7 households, and 4 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|123.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 7 housing units at an average density of {{convert|53.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 7 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the town was 34 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.3% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 43.8% male and 56.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 10 people, 6 households, and 3 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|75.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 6 housing units at an average density of {{convert|45.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 6 households, out of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.67 and the average family size was 2.33.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 10.0% under the age of 18, 50.0% from 25 to 44, 30.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 150.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 125.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,744. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

