==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1870 = 513
| 1880 = 1095
| 1890 = 1110
| 1900 = 1161
| 1910 = 1145
| 1920 = 1353
| 1930 = 1388
| 1940 = 1184
| 1950 = 1528
| 1960 = 1881
| 1970 = 1773
| 1980 = 1939
| 1990 = 1713
| 2000 = 1731
| 2010 = 1518
| 2020 = 1428
| estyear = 2022
| estimate = 1401
| estref = <ref>{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2022/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2022-POP-21.xlsx|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places in Kentucky: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2022|publisher= United States Census Bureau|access-date= May 26, 2023}}</ref>
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,731 people, 672 households, and 411 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,502.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 752 housing units at an average density of {{convert|652.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.64% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.17% of the population.

There were 672 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $15,938, and the median income for a family was $20,000. Males had a median income of $18,409 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,275. About 32.9% of families and 37.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 50.4% of those under age 18 and 27.8% of those age 65 or over.

In 2010, Vanceburg had the [[List of the poorest places in the United States|23rd-lowest median household income]] of all places in the United States with a population over 1,000.<ref>{{cite web|title=US Census|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_12_5YR_DP03&prodType=table|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212210359/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_12_5YR_DP03&prodType=table|url-status=dead|archive-date=12 February 2020|access-date=18 January 2014}}</ref>

