==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1890 = 91
| 1900 = 118
| 1910 = 129
| 1920 = 155
| 1930 = 124
| 1940 = 133
| 1950 = 124
| 1960 = 95
| 1970 = 134
| 1980 = 111
| 1990 = 69
| 2000 = 81
| 2010 = 85
| 2020 = 50
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 49
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 81 people, 33 households, and 26 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|254.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|128.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 53.09% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 41.98% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 4.94% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. 4.94% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 33 households, out of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.2% were non-families. 21.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city the population was spread out, with 14.8% under the age of 18, 12.3% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 30.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 118.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,333, and the median income for a family was $34,167. Males had an income of $17,500 versus $16,528 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,977. There were 6.3% of families and 3.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including none under 18 and 14.3% of those over 64.

