==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 298
|1890= 905
|1900= 923
|1910= 1066
|1920= 1058
|1930= 1235
|1940= 1272
|1950= 1768
|1960= 1342
|1970= 1299
|1980= 1369
|1990= 1226
|2000= 1214
|2010= 1133
|2020= 1043
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,133 people, 502 households, and 303 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1332.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 597 housing units at an average density of {{convert|702.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 502 households, of which 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.6% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 49.6 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.9% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 28.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,214 people, 520 households, and 318 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,744.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 594 housing units at an average density of {{convert|853.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.58% of the population.

There were 520 households, out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.8% were non-families. 36.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 19.8% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 28.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $27,315, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $26,786 versus $17,065 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,795.  About 9.5% of families and 13.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.5% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those age 65 or over.

