==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 91
|1930= 185
|1940= 199
|1950= 235
|1960= 217
|1970= 262
|1980= 297
|1990= 285
|2000= 397
|2010= 732
|2020= 853
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 732 people, 270 households, and 175 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|576.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 304 housing units at an average density of {{convert|239.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 270 households, of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.2% were non-families. 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.30.

The median age in the city was 29.1 years. 30.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.1% were from 25 to 44; 20.1% were from 45 to 64; and 7.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 397 people, 145 households, and 94 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|360.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 172 housing units at an average density of {{convert|156.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 88.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.76% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.76% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.29% of the population.

There were 145 households, out of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.45.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.0% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 33.5% from 25 to 44, 15.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,359, and the median income for a family was $29,583. Males had a median income of $27,679 versus $21,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,483. About 20.2% of families and 21.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.6% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.

