==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 5631
| 2010 = 5792
| 2020 = 5380
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2000 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 5,631 people, 2,245 households, and 1,567 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,436.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,430 housing units at an average density of {{convert|619.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 74.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 23.64% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.52% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.81% of the population.

There were 2,245 households, out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,045, and the median income for a family was $40,264. Males had a median income of $31,768 versus $21,374 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,336. About 11.0% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.3% of those under age 18 and 5.4% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 Census===
At the 2010 census, the total population was 5,792, of whom 0.31% were American Indian or Alaska native, 0.41% were Asian, 26.23% were African American, 0.05% were Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, 66.80% were white, 3.63% were some other race, and 2.57% were of two or more races. People of Hispanic or Latino origin of any race made up 5.96% of the population. Males comprised 48.46%, and females 51.54% of the population.
 
Persons under the age of 5 were 7.63% of the population, persons age 5 to 17 were 17.37%, age 18 to 64 were 60.01%, and age 65 and over were 14.99% of the population.<ref>{{cite web|url=http://censusviewer.com/city/SC/Belvedere/2010|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20160128131926/http://censusviewer.com/city/SC/Belvedere/2010|url-status=usurped|archive-date=January 28, 2016|title=2010 Census Population of Belvedere, South Carolina - CensusViewer}}</ref>

===2020 Census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Belvedere racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4505410&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-14|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|3,066
|56.99%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|1,410
|26.21%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|12
|0.22%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|25
|0.46%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|4
|0.07%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|282
|5.24%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|581
|10.8%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 5,380 people, 2,251 households, and 1,452 families residing in the CDP.

