==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 311
|1890= 384
|1900= 466
|1910= 634
|1920= 674
|1930= 607
|1940= 642
|1950= 700
|1960= 942
|1970= 1152
|1980= 1581
|1990= 2075
|2000= 2421
|2010= 2568
|2020= 2765
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2020, there were 2,765 people, and 1,224 households living in the village. There were 1,356 housing units. The racial makeup of the village was 94.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.65% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.05% of the population when subtracting those saying they were not in this category.  Only 0.2% stated this explicitly.  Median Gross rents were $875.  53.2% of the residents were homeowners.

There were 1,224 households, of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them.  6.4% of households had children were under the age of 5, 14% in the 5 to 14 year range and 4.2% had children ages 15 to 17. 41.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] family households, 35% had a female householder with no husband present, 13.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.2% were non-families. 45.6% were married (except separated), 9% were widowed, 18.1% were divorced, and 0.4% were separated.  26.9% had never married.  17.3% of the population was 65 years or older. 6.2% were veterans.

The median age in the village was 37.1 years.  The average household income was $50,938 and 13.8% of the population was in poverty. 19.4% of the village residents have attained a Bachelor's Degree or higher.  Manufacturing was the top industry and employed 31.6% of the labor force. This was followed by education at 19.8%, retail trade at 10.4% and arts/entertainment/recreation at 8.4%.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,568 people, 1,142 households, and 660 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|612.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,289 housing units at an average density of {{convert|307.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 1,142 households, of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.2% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the village was 36.4 years. 26.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,421 people, 1,002 households, and 615 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 656.9 people per square mile (253.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,072 housing units at an average density of 290.9 per square mile (112.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.28% from two or more races. 0.91% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,002 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.9% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 32.9% from 25 to 44, 16.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,000, and the median income for a family was $45,846. Males had a median income of $33,017 versus $22,453 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,921. About 4.3% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.2% of those under age 18 and 6.0% of those age 65 or over.

