==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 2040
|2010= 2437
|2020= 2990
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,040 people, 768 households, and 595 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 523.1 people per square mile (202.0/km{{sup|2}}). There were 866 housing units at an average density of 222.1/sq&nbsp;mi (85.7/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.64% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.52% of the population.

There were 768 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.8% were married couples living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.5% were non-families. 17.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 25.1% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 26.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $51,420, and the median income for a family was $53,611. Males had a median income of $50,240 versus $28,482 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,783. About 4.1% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.1% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

