==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 480
|1980= 615
|1990= 543
|2000= 425
|2010= 749
|2020= 558
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br />2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+South Vinemont racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0171900&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 18, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|421
|75.45%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|1
|0.18%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.18%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|4
|0.72%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|30
|5.38%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|101
|18.1%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 558 people, 264 households, and 141 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 425 people, 180 households, and 115 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|651.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 203 housing units at an average density of {{convert|311.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.59% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.47% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.41% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.29% from two or more races. 4.00% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 180 households, out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.1% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,806, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $30,250 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,141. About 11.1% of families and 16.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.1% of those under age 18 and 18.2% of those age 65 or over.

