==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|2000= 512
|2010= 
|2020= 553
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2000<ref name=2000CensusVA>{{Cite web|title= 2000 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - Virginia|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-48.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2010<ref name=2010CensusVA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - Virginia|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2020
}}

Max Meadows was first listed as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2000 U.S. census]].<ref name=2000CensusVA/>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 512 people, 206 households, and 154 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 109.8 people per square mile (42.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 235 housing units at an average density of 50.4/sq&nbsp;mi (19.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.56% of the population.

There were 206 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.2% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 19.9% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $22,300, and the median income for a family was $36,705. Males had a median income of $30,156 versus $20,398 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,757. About 11.7% of families and 12.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.0% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

