==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 374
|1890= 373
|1900= 477
|1910= 552
|1920= 579
|1930= 585
|1940= 700
|1950= 766
|1960= 837
|1970= 869
|1980= 965
|1990= 967
|2000= 945
|2010= 1139
|2020= 1127
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,139 people, 454 households, and 287 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1700.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 485 housing units at an average density of {{convert|723.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 454 households, of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.8% were non-families. 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the city was 36.3 years. 29% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.2% were from 25 to 44; 21.6% were from 45 to 64; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 945 people, 395 households, and 233 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,470.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 407 housing units at an average density of {{convert|633.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.63% of the population.

There were 395 households, out of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.8% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,188, and the median income for a family was $46,667. Males had a median income of $29,427 versus $23,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,509.  About 5.9% of families and 4.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.3% of those under age 18 and 4.6% of those age 65 or over.

