==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 2000 = 2445
| 2010 = 255
| 2020 = 232
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="ZCTA" /> of 2000, there were 2,445 people, 633 households, and 508 families living in the ZCTA. There were 1,067 housing units. The racial makeup of the ZCTA was 1.3% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|African American]], 97.5% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], <0.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 633 households, out of which 54.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 24.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.7% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.86 and the average family size was 4.49.

In the ZCTA the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 14.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.8 males.

