==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 101
|1880= 168
|1900= 368
|1910= 433
|1920= 354
|1930= 355
|1940= 375
|1950= 476
|1960= 537
|1970= 594
|1980= 643
|1990= 709
|2000= 630
|2010= 681
|2020= 622
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref>{{better source needed|date=September 2025|reason=Only cites the front page of the Census website, which does not provide any of this information}} of 2000, there were 630 people, 209 households, and 145 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|834.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 216 housing units at an average density of {{convert|286.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.27% from two or more races.

There were 209 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 17.1% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 34.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,818, and the median income for a family was $53,214. Males had a median income of $31,484 versus $22,981 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,124. About 3.1% of families and 4.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.1% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
{{empty section|date=September 2025}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[U.S. Census|census]] of 2020, there was a total population of 622 living in the village, divided amongst 228 total households used (out of 246 total housing units). The percentage of people 65 years or older was 34.5%, almost double the amount of similarly-aged people throughout the entire state of Illinois, 17.9%. The median household income was $68,500, lower than the median household income throughout Illinois.<ref>{{cite web |title=Alhambra village, Illinois |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Alhambra_village,_Illinois?g=160XX00US1700737 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=25 September 2025}}</ref>

