==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 600
|1880= 939
|1900= 1278
|1910= 1193
|1920= 1227
|1930= 1214
|1940= 1447
|1950= 1399
|1960= 1491
|1970= 1413
|1980= 1478
|1990= 1530
|2000= 1426
|2010= 1325
|2020= 1322
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,325 people, 603 households, and 361 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|540.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 675 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 603 households, of which 24.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.1% were non-families. 36.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the city was 43.8 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 20.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,426 people, 583 households, and 374 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|606.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 616 housing units at an average density of {{convert|261.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.42% of the population.

There were 583 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 24.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,016, and the median income for a family was $50,234. Males had a median income of $30,463 versus $21,520 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,578.  About 4.3% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.0% of those under age 18 and 15.0% of those age 65 or over.

