==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 1337
|1930= 1510
|1940= 1759
|1950= 1944
|1960= 1685
|1970= 1616
|1980= 1578
|1990= 1541
|2000= 1466
|2010= 1467
|2020= 1453
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/population/cencounts/wi190090.txt WI Counties 1900-1990]
}}

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $30,690, and the median income for a family was $38,313. Males had a median income of $30,776 versus $19,808 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,494. About 6.8% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.1% of those under age 18 and 5.8% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,467 people, 607 households, and 400 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|382.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 670 housing units at an average density of {{convert|174.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 607 households, of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.1% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 44 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 22.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

