==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 266
|1880= 355
|1890= 363
|1900= 472
|1910= 553
|1920= 642
|1930= 485
|1940= 500
|1950= 476
|1960= 388
|1970= 351
|1980= 364
|1990= 402
|2000= 400
|2010= 378
|2020= 438
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|df=}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 400 people, 140&nbsp;households, and 105&nbsp;families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 728.7 people per square mile (280.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 162 housing units at an average density of 295.1 per square mile (113.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 99.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.00% of the population.

There were 140 households, out of which 40.0% had children under 18 living with them, 65.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86, and the average family size was 3.47.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 34.0% under 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.4 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 83.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,000, and the median income for a family was $42,083. Males had a median income of $43,571 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,024. About 5.5% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.5% of those under age 18 and 6.9% of those aged 65 or over.

