==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1920= 293
|1930= 396
|1940= 504
|1950= 504
|1960= 558
|1970= 491
|1980= 605
|1990= 464
|2000= 644
|2010= 530
|2020= 507
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 8, 2018}}</ref>
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 644 people, 284 households, and 170 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|171.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 324 housing units at an average density of {{convert|86.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 76.09% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 22.52% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.47% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 0.78% from two or more races. 0.31% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 284 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were married couples living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.1% were non-families. 37.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 25.3% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,173, and the median income for a family was $24,423. Males had a median income of $23,077 versus $16,071 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,359. About 21.1% of families and 27.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.3% of those under age 18 and 33.3% of those age 65 or over.

