==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 2024
|1900= 1571
|1910= 1410
|1920= 1255
|1930= 1298
|1940= 1489
|1950= 1634
|1960= 1901
|1970= 1808
|1980= 1672
|1990= 1664
|2000= 1721
|2010= 1583
|2020= 1473
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,721 people, 626 households, and 435 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,297.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 673 housing units at an average density of {{convert|507.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.58% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.81% of the population.

There were 626 households, out of which 38.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.9% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,563, and the median income for a family was $46,761. Males had a median income of $32,009 versus $23,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,219. About 8.6% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.0% of those under age 18 and 12.8% of those age 65 or over.

