==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 330
|2010= 365
|2020= 303
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 330 people, 156 households, and 75 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|661.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 182 housing units at an average density of {{convert|365.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.42% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.61% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.21% of the population. Surveys indicate that Forest Hills residents think that a large Asian population will move to the village next.

There were 156 households, out of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.9% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 13.9% under the age of 18, 27.9% from 18 to 24, 14.5% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $45,000, and the median income for a family was $64,375. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $31,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $25,949. None of the families and 18.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

