==Demographics==
{{Expand section|needs info for the 2020 census|date=April 2026|small=no}}{{US Census population
|1920= 526
|1930= 653
|1940= 870
|1950= 1051
|1960= 1064
|1970= 1130
|1980= 1274
|1990= 887
|2000= 866
|2010= 800
|2020= 996
|estyear=2024
|estimate=992
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2024|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 800 people, 360 households, and 225 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|740.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 418 housing units at an average density of {{convert|387.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 360 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.5% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the city was 42.4 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 to 44; 29.7% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.8% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 866 people, 355 households, and 235 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|799.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 439 housing units at an average density of {{convert|405.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.39% of the population. The top two ancestry groups in the city were [[German American|German]] (57.1%) and [[Ukrainian American|Ukrainian]] (17.0%) of the population.

There were 355 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.6% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,619, and the median income for a family was $31,167. Males had a median income of $26,146 versus $14,609 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,478. About 16.7% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.5% of those under age 18 and 10.3% of those age 65 or over.

