==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 328
| 1920 = 387
| 1930 = 377
| 1940 = 386
| 1950 = 409
| 1960 = 476
| 1970 = 582
| 1980 = 567
| 1990 = 579
| 2000 = 649
| 2010 = 636
| 2020 = 678
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 636 people, 292 households, and 185 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|195.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 348 housing units at an average density of {{convert|106.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 292 households, of which 22.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.6% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the village was 44.8 years. 17.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 31.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 649 people, 265 households, and 178 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 196.4 people per square mile (75.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 299 housing units at an average density of 90.5 per square mile (35.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.62% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.31% from two or more races. 0.15% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 265 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $48,021, and the median income for a family was $56,094. Males had a median income of $38,359 versus $26,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,129. About 1.1% of families and 2.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty-five or over.

