==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 906
| 1910 = 811
| 1920 = 516
| 1930 = 406
| 1940 = 486
| 1950 = 361
| 1960 = 247
| 1970 = 342
| 1980 = 553
| 1990 = 520
| 2000 = 514
| 2010 = 575
| 2020 = 587
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 603
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{Cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |access-date=June 4, 2015 |website=Census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 514 people, 199 households, and 151 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|161.3|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=on}}. There were 219 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.7|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.72% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.17% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.92% from two or more races. 1.95% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 199 households, out of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.1% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,809, and the median income for a family was $37,344. Males had a median income of $30,368 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,407. About 6.7% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.2% of those under age 18 and 11.5% of those age 65 or over.

