==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 49
|1990= 63
|2000= 124
|2010= 147
|2020= 116
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Slana first appeared on the 1980 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |df= }}</ref> of 2000, there were 124 people, 62 households, and 31 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 193 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 80.7% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 13.7% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 2.4% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races.

Of the 62 households, 14.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were married couples living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 43.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 20.2% under the age of 18, 1.6% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 41.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 129.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 147.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $19,583, and the median income for a family was $57,917. Males had a median income of $46,250 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,018. There were 20.0% of families and 23.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 62.5% of under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.

