==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1960 = 1191
| 1970 = 1009
| 1980 = 1115
| 1990 = 1068
| 2000 = 939
| 2010 = 903
| 2020 = 766
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 702
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Wilson racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0575920&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 30, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 558
| 72.85%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 163
| 21.28%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 3
| 0.39%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 24
| 3.13%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 18
| 2.35%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 766 people, 355 households, and 267 families residing in the city.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 903 people living in the city. The racial makeup of the city was 74.6% White, 21.7% Black, 0.3% Native American, 0.7% Asian, 0.1% from some other race and 1.6% from two or more races. 1.0% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 939 people, 364 households, and 264 families living in the town.  The [[population density]] was 338.8/km{{sup|2}} (873.9/mi<sup>2</sup>).  There were 386 housing units at an average density of 139.3/km{{sup|2}} (359.3/mi<sup>2</sup>).  At the time of the survey 73.27% of the population was [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 26.30% Black or African American, 0.11% Native American, 0.32% from other races.  0.96% of the population were Hispanic or Latino.{{multiple image
| caption_align     = center
| header_align      = center
| width             = 150
| image1            = Reverie ms river n.jpg
| alt1              = A view to the North of the old bed of the Mississippi River before the 1811/1812 earthquakes
| image2            = Reverie ms river s.jpg
| alt2              = A view to the South of the old bed of the Mississippi River before the 1811/1812 earthquakes
| footer            = A view to the North and South of the old bed of the Mississippi River before the 1811/1812 earthquakes
}}
There were 364 households, out of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.2% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,625, and the median income for a family was $38,971. Males had a median income of $30,526 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,738.  About 10.7% of families and 11.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of those under age 18 and 20.2% of those age 65 or over.

