==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 1499
|1990= 1334
|2000= 1444
|2010= 1444
|2020= 1427
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/decennial-publications.html|title=Decennial Census Official Publications|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=March 4, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2010, there were 1,444 people, 610 households, and 397 families residing in the CDP. There were 638 housing units, of which 28, or 4.4%, were vacant. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.9% [[White Americans|white]], 0.7% [[African American]], 0.2% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian people|Asian]], 0.1% some other race, and 0.8% from two or more races. 1.2% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3314340| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1): Contoocook CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| accessdate=October 23, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213120722/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3314340| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

Of the 610 households in the CDP, 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were headed by [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37, and the average family size was 2.92.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

23.1% of residents in the CDP were under the age of 18, 6.1% were from 18 to 24, 20.7% were from 25 to 44, 32.1% were from 45 to 64, and 17.9% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.9 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

For the period 2011–15, the estimated median annual income for a household was $84,083, and the median income for a family was $90,833. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $27,077.<ref>{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3314340| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): Contoocook CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| accessdate=October 23, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213092919/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3314340| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

