==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1970 = 187
| 1980 = 515
| 1990 = 865
| 2000 = 984
| 2010 = 997
| 2020 = 1082
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Lakeside City racial composition'''<ref name=":0">{{cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4840756&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 19, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (''NH = Non-Hispanic''){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|960
|88.72%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|5
|0.46%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|6
|0.55%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|1
|0.09%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|1
|0.09%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|35
|3.23%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|74
|6.84%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''1,082'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,082 people, 384 households, and 289 families residing in the town.

===2008===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2008, there were 1,048 people, 353 households, and 301 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,572.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 366 housing units at an average density of {{convert|585.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.63% of the population.

There were 353 households, out of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.7% were non-families. 10.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 30.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.6 males.

The 2007 census median income for a household in the town was $67,162, and the 2000 census says the median income for a family was $61,875. Males had a median income of $36,422 versus $31,146 for females. The 2007 [[per capita income]] for the town was $28,561. About 1.3% of families and 2.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.7% of those under age 18 and 1.7% of those age 65 or over.

