==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 188
|2020= 152
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Monson first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Monson had a population of 152. The population density was {{convert|752.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Monson was 40 (26.3%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1 (0.7%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 78 (51.3%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 33 (21.7%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 130 persons (85.5%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Monson CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0648676 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 29, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 33 households, out of which 13 (39.4%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 14 (42.4%) were married-couple households, 5 (15.2%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 5 (15.2%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 9 (27.3%) had a male householder with no partner present. 8 households (24.2%) were one person, and 2 (6.1%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 4.61.<ref name=DP1/> There were 23 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (69.7% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Monson CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0648676 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 29, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 53 people (34.9%) under the age of 18, 12 people (7.9%) aged 18 to 24, 31 people (20.4%) aged 25 to 44, 38 people (25.0%) aged 45 to 64, and 18 people (11.8%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 32.5{{nbsp}}years. There were 59 males and 93 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|212.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 33 (76.7%) were occupied. Of these, 11 (33.3%) were owner-occupied, and 22 (66.7%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

