==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=May 10, 2025}}</ref>
| 2000 = 948
| 2010 = 1081
| 2020 = 1242
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 948 people, 273 households, and 235 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 107.4 people per square mile (41.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 303 housing units at an average density of 34.3/sq&nbsp;mi (13.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 8.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 89.87% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.74% of the population.

There were 273 households, out of which 63.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 22.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 50.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.6% were non-families. 9.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.47 and the average family size was 3.52.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 45.3% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 13.2% from 45 to 64, and 4.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $17,574, and the median income for a family was $17,019. Males had a median income of $23,036 versus $20,104 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,819. About 42.8% of families and 42.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 51.4% of those under age 18 and 6.1% of those age 65 or over.

English was spoken in 87.82% of homes and [[Ojibwe language|Ojibwe]] in 12.18% of homes.<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/map_data_results&SRVY_YEAR=2000&geo=&state_id=55&county_id=&mode=place&lang_id=&zip=&place_id=45220&cty_id=&region_id=&division_id=&ll=&ea=n&order=&a=n&pc=1|title=Data Center Results}}</ref>

