==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 400
|1920= 822
|1930= 717
|1940= 777
|1950= 665
|1960= 548
|1970= 645
|1980= 826
|1990= 748
|2000= 724
|2010= 632
|2020= 430
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.''

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1774457 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 430 people, 220 households, and 148 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|184.39|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 238 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|102.06|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 67.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 28.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.93% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.63% of the population.

There were 220 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.36% were married couples living together, 10.45% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.73% were non-families. 28.18% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.18% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.63 and the average family size was 2.91.

The village's age distribution consisted of 25.2% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 34.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 166.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 151.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $45,227, and the median income for a family was $47,045. Males had a median income of $38,295 versus $39,605 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,068. About 8.8% of families and 17.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.3% of those under age 18 and 25.2% of those age 65 or over.
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Tamms racial composition'''<br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US1774457&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=2022-03-08 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|286
|66.51%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|123
|28.6%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|4
|0.93%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|10
|2.33%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|7
|1.63%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''430'''
|
|}

