==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 204
|1920= 354
|1930= 456
|1940= 473
|1950= 536
|1960= 462
|1970= 382
|1980= 368
|1990= 342
|2000= 363
|2010= 340
|2020= 364
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 340 people, 163 households, and 98 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|147.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 189 housing units at an average density of {{convert|82.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 163 households, of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.9% were non-families. 37.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the city was 47.6 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.7% were from 25 to 44; 30.9% were from 45 to 64; and 23.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 363 people, 154 households, and 91 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|161.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 193 housing units at an average density of {{convert|85.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.90% [[White American|White]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian people|Asian]], and 0.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 1.10% of the population.

There were 154 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.9% were non-families. 39.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $47,083. Males had a median income of $31,346 versus $27,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,191.  About 9.2% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.

