==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 77
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 78 people, 39 households, and 21 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|669.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|377.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 39 households, out of which 17.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 43.6% were non-families. 43.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 35.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.68.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 2.6% from 18 to 24, 19.2% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 35.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 73.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 69.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $19,500 versus $48,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,016. There were no families and 5.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 17.4% of those over 64.

