==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1960 = 206
| 1970 = 240
| 1980 = 183
| 1990 = 142
| 2000 = 116
| 2010 = 96
| 2020 = 87
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 91
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2015 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2015|accessdate=June 2, 2016|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20161019182931/https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2016|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 116 people, 46 households and 32 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 66.8/km{{sup|2}} (172.1/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 49 housing units at an average density of 28.2/km{{sup|2}} (72.7/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 86.21% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 13.79% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]]. 2.59% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 46 households, of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.3% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.94.

19.0% of the population were under the age of 18, 12.1% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.8 males.

The [[median household income]] was $26,406 and the median family income was $36,875. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,819. There were 3.7% of families and 6.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 29.4% of those over 64.

