==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 131
|1950= 161
|1960= 215
|1970= 167
|1980= 183
|1990= 143
|2000= 133
|2010= 146
|2020= 153
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 146 people, 62 households, and 38 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1216.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 69 housing units at an average density of {{convert|575.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.1% from two or more races.

There were 62 households, of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.7% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 32.7 years. 26.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 34.9% were from 25 to 44; 19.2% were from 45 to 64; and 11.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.4% male and 46.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 133 people, 59 households, and 42 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,133.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|528.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 59 households, out of which 18.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.8% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.3% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 27.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,944. There were 3.8% of families and 4.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.3% of those over 64.

