==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 450
|1900= 393
|1910= 292
|1920= 359
|1930= 249
|1940= 247
|1950= 185
|1960= 163
|1970= 140
|1980= 133
|1990= 98
|2000= 164
|2010= 118
|2020= 89
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 118 people, 49 households, and 27 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|472.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|236.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 49 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.9% were non-families. 40.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.37.

The median age in the village was 36.5 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 31.3% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 164 people, 62 households, and 40 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|639.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|265.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.61% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.49% of the population.

There were 62 households, out of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.9% under the age of 18, 13.4% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 15.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,250, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $22,188 versus $21,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,207. About 17.3% of families and 25.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 14.8% of those 65 or over.

