==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 165
|1910= 163
|1920= 185
|1930= 176
|1940= 162
|1950= 128
|1960= 167
|1970= 171
|1980= 174
|1990= 124
|2000= 149
|2010= 179
|2020= 180
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 179 people, 70 households, and 46 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|319.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|139.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 70 households, of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 12.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.3% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 38.3 years. 27.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 13.3% were from 45 to 64; and 27.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 149 people, 61 households, and 40 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|324.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 70 housing units at an average density of {{convert|152.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 61 households, out of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 13.4% from 45 to 64, and 28.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,250, and the median income for a family was $40,313. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $22,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,559. There were 7.7% of families and 17.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 30.0% of under eighteens and 8.6% of those over 64.

