==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 207
|1910= 244
|1920= 252
|1930= 283
|1940= 337
|1950= 354
|1960= 324
|1970= 308
|1980= 331
|1990= 295
|2000= 286
|2010= 292
|2020= 266
|estyear=2021
|estimate=272
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=August 21, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 21, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 292 people, 137 households, and 75 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|811.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|408.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 137 households, of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.3% were non-families. 40.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 40.3 years. 20.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 286 people, 132 households, and 67 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,093.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 148 housing units at an average density of {{convert|566.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.75% from two or more races. 35.4% were of [[germans|German]], 30.0% [[norwegians|Norwegian]], 8.7% [[swedish people|Swedish]] and 5.3% [[Irish people|Irish]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 132 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 49.2% were non-families. 40.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,979, and the median income for a family was $39,750. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,932.  About 5.1% of families and 14.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 22.2% of those 65 or over.

