==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1830= 50
|1840= 100
|1850= 276
|1870= 324
|1880= 391
|1890= 512
|1900= 554
|1910= 564
|1920= 555
|1930= 479
|1940= 450
|1950= 410
|1960= 441
|1970= 452
|1980= 601
|1990= 464
|2000= 423
|2010= 409
|2020= 355
|estyear=2023
|estimate=347
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010">{{Cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (DP-1): Beallsville village, Ohio |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=May 31, 2012 }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 409 people, 174 households, and 113 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1136.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 196 housing units at an average density of {{convert|544.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.2% from two or more races.

There were 174 households, of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.1% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 39.8 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.9% were from 25 to 44; 29.1% were from 45 to 64; and 13.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 423 people, 171 households, and 114 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,145.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 186 housing units at an average density of {{convert|503.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.24% of the population.

There were 171 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 12.5% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 85.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,893, and the median income for a family was $34,063. Males had a median income of $26,750 versus $20,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,672. About 11.9% of families and 18.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.0% of those under age 18 and 13.6% of those age 65 or over.

