==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 259
|1910= 292
|1920= 217
|1930= 247
|1940= 273
|1950= 297
|1960= 328
|1970= 274
|1980= 279
|1990= 234
|2000= 222
|2010= 198
|2020= 189
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 198 people, 87 households, and 52 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|113.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|59.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 87 households, of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.2% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 44 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.1% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.4% male and 55.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 222 people, 96 households, and 62 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|127.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|59.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.90% of the population.

There were 96 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,583, and the median income for a family was $37,813. Males had a median income of $30,556 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,822.  About 8.3% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.3% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

