==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=320
|2020=286
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Nord first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Nord had a population of 286. The population density was {{convert|135.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Nord was 174 (60.8%) [[White Americans|White]], 1 (0.3%) [[African Americans|African American]], 4 (1.4%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 12 (4.2%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 37 (12.9%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 58 (20.3%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 104 persons (36.4%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Nord CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0651574 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 30, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 93 households, out of which 26 (28.0%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 62 (66.7%) were married-couple households, 5 (5.4%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 10 (10.8%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 16 (17.2%) had a male householder with no partner present. 13 households (14.0%) were one person, and 6 (6.5%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 3.08.<ref name=DP1/> There were 78 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (83.9% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Nord CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0651574 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 30, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 57 people (19.9%) under the age of 18, 26 people (9.1%) aged 18 to 24, 56 people (19.6%) aged 25 to 44, 86 people (30.1%) aged 45 to 64, and 61 people (21.3%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 47.2{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 120.0 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|52.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 93 (84.5%) were occupied. Of these, 62 (66.7%) were owner-occupied, and 31 (33.3%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

