==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 310
|1920= 412
|1930= 359
|1940= 461
|1950= 473
|1960= 491
|1970= 442
|1980= 429
|1990= 443
|2000= 443
|2010= 402
|2020= 382
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 402 people, 176 households, and 105 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1675.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 197 housing units at an average density of {{convert|820.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 176 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.3% were non-families. Of all households, 35.8% were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 38.3 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.1% were from 25 to 44; 23% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.7% male and 48.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 443 people, 187 households, and 123 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,856.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 196 housing units at an average density of {{convert|821.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.23% of the population.

There were 187 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. Of all households, 28.3% were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,114, and the median income for a family was $43,125. Males had a median income of $29,423 versus $18,611 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,803.  About 3.7% of families and 3.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.9% of those under age 18 and 9.8% of those age 65 or over.

