==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 394
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 391 people, 160 households, and 122 families residing in Kratzerville. The population density was {{convert|398.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|170.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Kratzerville was 98.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.51% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.51% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.51% of the population.

There were 160 households, out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.8% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.79.

The population of Kratzerville was spread out, with 18.4% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 29.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.0 males.

The median income for a household in Kratzerville was $42,292, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $30,682 versus $22,321 for females. The [[per capita income]] for Kratzerville was $20,008. About 1.6% of families and 3.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 10.2% of those age 65 or over.

