==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 3009
|1920= 3435
|1930= 3552
|1940= 3526
|1950= 3257
|1960= 4155
|1970= 3789
|1980= 3128
|1990= 2495
|2000= 2197
|2010= 1929
|2020= 1872
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Number of Inhabitants: Pennsylvania|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/17216604v1p40ch02.pdf|work=18th Census of the United States|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Pennsylvania: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-40.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Number and Distribution of Inhabitants:Pennsylvania-Tennessee|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/03815512v1ch09.pdf|work=Fifteenth Census|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 2,197 people, 956 households, and 623 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,408.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,212.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 89.53% White, 8.83% African American, 0.18% Native American, 0.55% Asian, 0.05% from other races, and 0.86% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.55% of the population.

There were 956 households, out of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were married couples living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 21.0% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 23.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $33,309, and the median income for a family was $44,338. Males had a median income of $35,033 versus $27,700 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,327. About 9.2% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.6% of those under age 18 and 5.5% of those age 65 or over.

