==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 257
|1920= 258
|1930= 230
|1940= 198
|1950= 155
|1960= 131
|1970= 109
|1980= 113
|1990= 93
|2000= 91
|2010= 109
|2020= 74
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 109 people, 41 households, and 27 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|545.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|235.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.5% of the population.

There were 41 households, of which 46.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 17.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.1% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.41.

The median age in the city was 31.5 years. 39.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 20.2% were from 45 to 64; and 16.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.0% male and 45.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 91 people, 37 households, and 24 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|462.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|228.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.59% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.10% from two or more races.

There were 37 households, out of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $8,750, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $19,375 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,085. There were 23.1% of families and 40.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 26.7% of under eighteens and 70.0% of those over 64.

