==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900=
|1910=
|1920=
|1930=
|1940=
|1950=
|1960=
|1970=
|1980=
|1990=
|2000=4399
|2010=4028
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align=left
|align-fn=center
|2020= 4084
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 4,399 people, 1,732 households, and 1,316 families residing in Sissonville. The [[population density]] was {{convert|345.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 1,862 housing units at an average density of {{convert|146.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.02% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.52% of the population.

There were 1,732 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.0% were non-families. 21.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.84.

The age distribution is: 22.2% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.0 males.

The median income for a Sissonville household is $36,725, and the median income for a family was $46,420. Males had a median income of $35,408 versus $20,865 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,657. About 8.6% of families and 10.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.4% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.

