==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 9
|1950= 5
|1960= 5
|1970= 6
|1980= 8
|1990= 102
|2000= 109
|2010= 96
|2020= 118
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing by Decades|publisher=[[US Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2/> 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2/>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Highland Beach town, Maryland – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Highland Beach town, Maryland|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US2438500&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!{{partial|Pop 2020}}<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Highland Beach town, Maryland|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US2438500&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!{{partial|% 2020}}
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|19
|style='background: #ffffe6; |36
|19.79%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |30.51%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|68
|style='background: #ffffe6; |75
|70.83%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |63.56%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|1
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|1.04%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|3
|style='background: #ffffe6; |6
|3.31%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |5.08%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|5
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1
|5.21%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.85%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''96'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''118'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web | title=U.S. Census website | url=https://www.census.gov|work= [[U.S. Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013 }}</ref> of 2010, there were 96 people, 46 households, and 27 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1600.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1233.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 19.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 70.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.2% of the population.

There were 46 households, of which 19.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.3% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.56.

The median age in the town was 55.7 years. 10.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.6% were from 25 to 44; 39.6% were from 45 to 64; and 28.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 109 people, 44 households, and 27 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,647.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,208.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 52.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 39.45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 8.26% from two or more races.

There were 44 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 2.8% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 29.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $53,333, and the median income for a family was $82,379. Males had a median income of $36,563 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $27,802. There were no families and 1.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.5% of those over 64.

