==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 615
| 2010 = 207
| 2020 = 211
| align-fn = center
| footnote = [https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
As of the 2000 census, the Moclips CDP included the area of [[Pacific Beach, Washington|Pacific Beach]], which was split before the 2010 census to form its own CDP.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{Cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |title=U.S. Census website |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008}}</ref> of 2000, there were 615 people, 273 households, and 146 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 189.1 people per square mile (73.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 565 housing units at an average density of 173.7/sq&nbsp;mi (67.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 64.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 24.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.81% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.49% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.15% of the population.

There were 273 households, out of which 17.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.5% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.0% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 31.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $32,045. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,411. About 8.1% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.3% of those under age 18 and 5.5% of those age 65 or over.

