==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 1007
|1890= 567
|1900= 535
|1910= 454
|1920= 570
|1930= 527
|1940= 552
|1950= 520
|1960= 546
|1970= 587
|1980= 623
|1990= 694
|2000= 951
|2010= 976
|2020= 1055
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/prod/www/abs/decennial/ U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-2764318">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Taylors Falls city, Minnesota |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2764318&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=25 July 2022}}</ref> the population was 1,055. The [[population density]] was {{convert|267.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 490 housing units at an average density of {{convert|124.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 5.0% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 1.3% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]] there were 976 people in 413 households, including 261 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|238.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 457 housing units at an average density of {{convert|111.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 94.4% White, 0.6% African American, 0.7% Native American, 2.5% Asian, 0.4% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.5%.<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212234628/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref>

Of the 413 households 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.8% were non-families. 29.8% of households were one person and 8.9% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age was 41.7 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 30% were from 45 to 64; and 16.1% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 951 people in 369 households, including 247 families, in the city.  The population density was {{convert|255.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 386 housing units at an average density of {{convert|103.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 91.48% White, 0.32% Native American, 7.05% Asian, 0.21% Pacific Islander, 0.21% from other races, and 0.74% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.74%.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 369 households 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were married couples living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 26.0% of households were one person and 11.7% were one person aged 65 or older.  The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.11.

The age distribution was 29.8% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% 65 or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.6 males.

The median household income was $35,250 and the median family income  was $39,886. Males had a median income of $40,357 versus $24,250 for females. The per capita income for the city was $17,615.  About 11.5% of families and 20.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.4% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.

