==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 264
|1910= 428
|1920= 487
|1930= 539
|1940= 486
|1950= 595
|1960= 694
|1970= 741
|1980= 852
|1990= 650
|2000= 605
|2010= 736
|2020= 703
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 736 people, 287 households, and 185 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|836.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 347 housing units at an average density of {{convert|394.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 287 households, of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.5% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the city was 31.4 years. 31.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.7% were from 25 to 44; 22.4% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 605 people, 268 households, and 161 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|672.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 327 housing units at an average density of {{convert|363.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.66% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.32% of the population.

There were 268 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.9% were non-families. 35.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,033, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $25,500 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,918. About 13.6% of families and 17.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.1% of those under age 18 and 18.1% of those age 65 or over.

