==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
| footnote = Sources: <ref name="GR1">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/time-series/geo/gazetteer-files.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-04-23|date=2011-02-12|title=US Gazetteer files: 2010, 2000, and 1990}}</ref><ref name="2020 Census"/>
| 2000 = 3601
| 2010 = 4181
| 2020 = 4046
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 4,181 people, 1,467 households, and 1,150 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 431.9 people per square mile (166.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,521 housing units at an average density of 157.1/sq&nbsp;mi (60.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.03% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.45% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 4.81% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.75% of the population.

There were 1,467 households, out of which 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.1% were married couples living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.6% were non-families. 16.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 26.1% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $48,352, and the median income for a family was $53,333. Males had a median income of $37,897 versus $23,209 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,677. About 4.5% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.7% of those under age 18 and 2.4% of those age 65 or over.

