==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 943
|1870= 1321
|1880= 1408
|1890= 1634
|1900= 1517
|1910= 1438
|1920= 1402
|1930= 1537
|1940= 1528
|1950= 1461
|1960= 1778
|1970= 1203
|1980= 1218
|1990= 1132
|2000= 1182
|2010= 1097
|2020= 1166
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1164
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,182 people, 468 households, and 329 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|982.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 515 housing units at an average density of {{convert|427.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.25% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.76% of the population.

The main ancestries reported by White Haven residents on the 2000 Census were Polish, with 17% of the population, Italian with 13%, Irish with 10%, Slovak with 8%, and German with 6%. However, Czechoslovak, Carpatho Rusyn, Eastern European and Slavic were all reported by about one percent of the population, so the Slovak population might have come in second to Polish if the census had allowed reporting of more than two ancestries.

There were 468 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.5% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 87.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.8 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $37,438, and the median income for a family was $43,846. Males had a median income of $32,159 versus $27,386 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $18,768. About 4.5% of families and 6.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.

