==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 118
|1870= 578
|1880= 1392
|1890= 1677
|1900= 1935
|1910= 1802
|1920= 1768
|1930= 1633
|1940= 1737
|1950= 1936
|1960= 2104
|1970= 2290
|1980= 2313
|1990= 2231
|2000= 2200
|2010= 2137
|2020= 2160
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 2131
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,137 people, 858 households, and 594 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1978.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 916 housing units at an average density of {{convert|848.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.8% of the population.

There were 858 households, of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.8% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the village was 37.1 years. 27.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 23.8% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 2,200 people, 880 households and 616 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,144.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 927 housing units at an average density of {{convert|903.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.73% of the population.

There were 880 households, of which 343.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or younger. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.05.

27.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

The [[median household income]] was $42,409 and the median family income was $48,750. Males had a median income of $37,434 compared with $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,316. About 4.6% of families and 5.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.2% of those under age 18 and 6.6% of those age 65 or over.

