==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 1050
|1890= 1216
|1900= 1773
|1910= 1839
|1920= 1865
|1930= 2409
|1940= 2533
|1950= 2583
|1960= 2772
|1970= 2901
|1980= 2801
|1990= 2750
|2000= 2806
|2010= 2952
|2020=2837
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5539350">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Kewaunee city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5539350&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2022}}</ref> the population was 2,837. The [[population density]] was {{convert|803.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,416 housing units at an average density of {{convert|401.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.9% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 5.1% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 4.2% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,952 people, 1,278 households, and 733 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|833.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,462 housing units at an average density of {{convert|413.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population

There were 1,278 households, of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.6% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the city was 45.8 years. 19.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 28.5% were from 45 to 64; and 22.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,806 people, 1,149 households, and 736 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 807.7 people per square mile (312.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,237 housing units at an average density of 356.1 per square mile (137.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.57% of the population.<ref name="GR2" />

There were 1,149 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.97.<ref name="GR2" />

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 21.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.<ref name="GR2" />

The median income for a household in the city was $36,420, and the median income for a family was $45,643. Males had a median income of $32,292 versus $20,544 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,384. About 11.2% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.0% of those under age 18 and 18.0% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="GR2" />

