==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910=  232
|1920=  217
|1930=  219
|1940=  229
|1950=  292
|1960=  482
|1970= 1767
|1980= 1892
|1990= 2181
|2000= 1972
|2010= 1885
|2020= 1811
| estimate=1813
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=Population sources:<small><br>1910–2000<ref>Barnett, Bob. [http://westjersey.org/popatl_04.htm Population Data for Atlantic County Municipalities, 1840 - 2000], WestJersey.org. December 6, 2010. Accessed November 18, 2013.</ref> 1910–1920<ref>[https://dspace.njstatelib.org/xmlui/handle/10929/25218?show=full ''Compendium of censuses 1726-1905: together with the tabulated returns of 1905''], [[New Jersey Department of State]], 1906. Accessed July 9, 2013.</ref> 1910<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=T9HrAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA335 ''Thirteenth Census of the United States, 1910: Population by Counties and Minor Civil Divisions, 1910, 1900, 1890''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 335. Accessed July 9, 2013.</ref><br>1910–1930<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=kifRAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA714 ''Fifteenth Census of the United States : 1930 - Population Volume I''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 714. Accessed July 9, 2013.</ref> 1940–2000<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref><br>2000<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/> 2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400123940 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 for Folsom borough, Atlantic County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212104343/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400123940 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed July 10, 2013.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_atl/folsom1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Folsom borough], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed July 10, 2013.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}

===2010 census===
The [[2010 United States census]] counted 1,885 people, 688 households, and 526 families in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|229.8|/sqmi}}. There were 717 housing units at an average density of {{convert|87.4|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup was 90.93% (1,714) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 4.19% (79) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.16% (3) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 0.85% (16) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.16% (3) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.86% (35) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 1.86% (35) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 6.74% (127) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 688 households, 28.2% had children under the age of 18; 60.5% were married couples living together; 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present and 23.5% were non-families. Of all households, 17.4% were made up of individuals and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.08.<ref name=Census2010/>

22.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 33.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41.8 years. For every 100 females, the population had 98.8 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 96.7 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

The Census Bureau's 2006–2010 [[American Community Survey]] showed that (in 2010 [[inflation adjustment|inflation-adjusted]] dollars) [[median household income]] was $65,795 (with a margin of error of +/− $5,755) and the median family income was $67,778 (+/− $7,595). Males had a median income of $50,192 (+/− $6,784) versus $36,471 (+/− $4,204) for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $29,446 (+/− $2,979). About 3.2% of families and 5.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.9% of those under age 18 and 8.9% of those age 65 or over.<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3400123940 DP03: Selected Economic Characteristics from the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Folsom borough, Atlantic County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212083736/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3400123940 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed July 10, 2013.</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,972 people, 671 households, and 552 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|238.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 702 housing units at an average density of {{convert|84.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 91.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.41% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.86% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.12% from two or more races. 3.45% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603423940.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Folsom borough, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150527204650/http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603423940.pdf |date=2015-05-27 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed July 10, 2013.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400123940 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Folsom borough, Atlantic County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212095705/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400123940 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed July 10, 2013.</ref>

There were 671 households, out of which 37.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.7% were non-families. 13.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.18.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the borough the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 9.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.6 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the borough was $56,406, and the median income for a family was $59,231. Males had a median income of $39,659 versus $30,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $20,617. 5.7% of the population and 4.2% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 4.3% of those under the age of 18 and 4.9% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

