==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 265
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results|title=Data Center Results|date=Mar 8, 2016|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20160308223853/https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results|accessdate=Dec 8, 2020|archive-date=2016-03-08}}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| Spoke [[Navajo language|Navajo]] at home || 80.00%
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 20.00%
|}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 339 people*, 95 households, and 74 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|45.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 130 housing units at an average density of {{convert|17.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.94% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.88% of the population.

There were 95 households, out of which 42.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 27.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.1% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.57 and the average family size was 4.19.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 34.5% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 17.7% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $14,766, and the median income for a family was $18,839. Males had a median income of $16,063 versus $24,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $5,401. About 40.3% of families and 49.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of those under age 18 and 100.0% of those age 65 or over.

* Although 2000 US Census only recorded 339 people in the Beclabito area, there are 900 voting members registered at the Beclabito Chapter House, which is a part of the Navajo Nation, and 1500 individuals living in Beclabito and the surrounding area.<ref>Beclabito Chapter House, August 2015</ref>

