==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 587
| 1930 = 338
| 1940 = 340
| 1950 = 442
| 1960 = 383
| 1970 = 374
| 1980 = 449
| 1990 = 457
| 2000 = 457
| 2010 = 532
| 2020 = 559
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 21, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 532 people, 235 households, and 145 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1364.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 271 housing units at an average density of {{convert|694.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.1% of the population.

There were 235 households, of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.3% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the town was 42.8 years. 21.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 28.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 457 people, 185 households and 123 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,089.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 210 housing units at an average density of {{convert|500.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.38% of the population.

There were 185 households, of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.5% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.03.

Age distribution was 29.5% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.3 males.

The median household income was $45,833, and the median family income was $53,750. Males had a median income of $35,625; females, $21,625. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $22,375. About 8.1% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.9% of those under age 18 and 7.6% of those age 65 or over.

