==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 1760
|1890= 2079
|1900= 2576
|1910= 2465
|1920= 2321
|1930= 2499
|1940= 2368
|1950= 3640
|1960= 3918
|1970= 5309
|1980= 5669
|1990= 5413
|2000= 5582
|2010= 5952
|2020= 5334
|estyear=2023
|estimate=5302
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR2" /><ref name=Census1880>{{cite web|title=Population of Civil Divisions Less than Counties|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1880a_v1-11.pdf|date=1880|work=Statistics of the Population of the United States at the Tenth Census|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 28, 2013}}</ref><ref name=Census1910>{{cite web|title=Population: Ohio|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/36894832v3ch3.pdf|work=1910 U.S. Census|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 28, 2013}}</ref><ref name=Census1930>{{cite web|title=Population: Ohio|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/03815512v1ch08.pdf|work=1930 US Census|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 28, 2013}}</ref><ref name="Census1960">{{cite web|title=Number of Inhabitants: Ohio|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1960/population-volume-1/37749282v1p37_ch02.pdf|date=1960|work=18th Census of the United States|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=April 24, 2020}}</ref><ref name="Census1990">{{cite web|title=Ohio: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-37.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/adavillageohio,US/PST045221|title=QuickFacts Ada village, Ohio|website=census.gov|accessdate=June 28, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 5,952 people, 1,729 households, and 846 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2861.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,910 housing units at an average density of {{convert|918.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 1,729 households, of which 24.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no spouse present, 3.1% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 51.1% were non-families. 38.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the village was 22.2 years. 13.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 49.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.2% were from 25 to 44; 13.5% were from 45 to 64; and 6.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 5,582 people, 1,783 households, and 850 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,982.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,948 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,040.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.58% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.59% of the population.

There were 1,783 households, out of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no spouse present, and 52.3% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 13.9% under the age of 18, 48.6% from 18 to 24, 18.0% from 25 to 44, 12.5% from 45 to 64, and 7.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,665, and the median income for a family was $39,300. Males had a median income of $32,143 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,561. About 11.7% of families and 21.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.9% of those under age 18 and 19.4% of those age 65 or over.

