==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 148
|1920= 168
|1930= 181
|1940= 163
|1950= 128
|1960= 93
|1970= 64
|1980= 98
|1990= 64
|2000= 72
|2010= 50
|2020= 22
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 50 people, 19 households, and 13 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|238.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|147.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.0% from two or more races.

There were 19 households, of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 15.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the village was 39.5 years. 26% of residents were under the age of 18; 10% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 44% were from 45 to 64; and 0.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.0% male and 46.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 72 people, 24 households, and 19 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|345.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|148.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 24 households, out of which 45.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.8% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 37.5% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 40.3% from 25 to 44, 11.1% from 45 to 64, and 4.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 118.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $17,917. Males had a median income of $15,833 versus $14,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $9,225. There were 31.6% of families and 28.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 28.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

