==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 133
| 1980 = 161
| 1990 = 106
| 2000 = 100
| 2010 = 75
| 2020 = 57
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 59
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 100 people, 44 households, and 27 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 148.5/km{{sup|2}} (383.9/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 54 housing units at an average density of 80.2/km{{sup|2}} (207.3/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 95.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.00% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.00% from two or more races. 1.00% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 44 households, out of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 21.0% from 25 to 44, 28.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,188, and the median income for a family was $56,250. Males had a median income of $29,167 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,161. There were no families and 6.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no one under eighteens and 9.5% of those over 64.

