==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 2080
|1870= 2729
|1880= 3467
|1890= 3872
|1900= 3813
|1910= 3478
|1920= 3764
|1930= 3203
|1940= 2740
|1950= 2646
|1960= 2591
|1970= 2319
|1980= 1994
|1990= 1760
|2000= 1690
|2010= 1643
|2020= 1365
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=May 14, 2011|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,643 people, 636 households, and 436 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,133.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 767 housing units at an average density of {{convert|996.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[American Indian (U.S. Census)|American Indian or Alaska Native]], 1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% some other race, and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2% of the population.

There were 636 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 25.1% under the age of 18, 60.4% from 18 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years.

The median income for a household in the borough was $35,197, and the median income for a family was $42,422. Males had a median income of $33,929 versus $27,969 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,637. About 16.6% of families and 20.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.8% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.

