==Demographics==
{{See also|List of Connecticut locations by per capita income}}
As of the 2000 [[census]], there were 52 people, 26 households, and 17 families residing in the borough.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> The population density was {{convert|121.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|194.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 26 households, of which 11.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.41.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 11.5% under the age of 18, 1.9% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 38.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $57,500, and the median income for a family was $60,625. Males had a median income of $50,625 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $38,135. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].{{clear left}}

