==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 88
|1890= 552
|1900= 695
|1910= 627
|1920= 829
|1930= 706
|1940= 737
|1950= 600
|1960= 524
|1970= 431
|1980= 466
|1990= 317
|2000= 312
|2010= 281
|2020= 206
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 281 people, 149 households, and 72 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|780.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 234 housing units at an average density of {{convert|650.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 149 households, of which 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 51.7% were non-families. 45.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.89 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the city was 53.5 years. 17.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.6% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 28.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 312 people, 171 households, and 80 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|840.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 245 housing units at an average density of {{convert|659.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.64% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.64% of the population.

There were 171 households, out of which 16.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 53.2% were non-families. 48.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.82 and the average family size was 2.60.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.3% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 15.7% from 25 to 44, 29.5% from 45 to 64, and 34.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,643, and the median income for a family was $26,667. Males had a median income of $23,500 versus $13,929 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,960. About 12.5% of families and 15.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under age 18 and 5.7% of those age 65 or over.

