==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 254
|1940= 222
|1950= 206
|1960= 228
|1970= 141
|1980= 193
|1990= 122
|2000= 105
|2010= 115
|2020= 282
|estyear=2022
|estimate=267
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 20, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 20, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=May 25, 2014 }}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 115 people in 47 households, including 31 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|460.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|236.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 97.4% White, 0.9% Native American, and 1.7% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.7%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 14, 2012}}</ref>

Of the 47 households 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were married couples living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.0% were non-families. 27.7% of households were one person and 6.4% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age was 41.3 years. 28.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.6% were from 25 to 44; 36.5% were from 45 to 64; and 10.4% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.3% male and 41.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 105 people in 44 households, including 23 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|415.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|237.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 97.14% White, and 2.86% from two or more races.

Of the 44 households 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, and 45.5% were non-families. 40.9% of households were one person and 31.8% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.46.

The age distribution was 31.4% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% 65 or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.7 males.

The median household income was $27,857 and the median family income  was $37,188. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $18,750 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,831. There were no families and 1.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

