==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1970 = 265
| 1980 = 243
| 1990 = 199
| 2000 = 168
| 2010 = 173
| 2020 = 124
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 115
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 173 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 90.2% White, 8.1% Black, and 1.7% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 168 people, 71 households, and 49 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|270.3|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.3|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.81% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], and 5.19% from two or more races. 0.60% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 71 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.6% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,607, and the median income for a family was $32,813. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,464. About 18.4% of families and 23.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 9.5% of those 65 or over.

