==Demographics==
<!-- DO NOT REMOVE SECTION -->
{{US Census population
|1910= 407
|1920= 614
|1930= 728
|1940= 611
|1950= 606
|1960= 565
|1970= 621
|1980= 612
|1990= 560
|2000= 543
|2010= 469
|2020= 545
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 543 people, 233 households, and 150 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|995.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 249 housing units at an average density of {{convert|456.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.37% of the population.

There were 233 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.2% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $39,250. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,499. About 10.6% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.1% of those under age 18 and 2.9% of those age 65 or over.

