==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 440
|1890= 743
|1900= 595
|1910= 648
|1920= 618
|1930= 615
|1940= 811
|1950= 977
|1960= 1001
|1970= 1044
|1980= 1101
|1990= 1147
|2000= 1420
|2010= 1408
|2020= 1479
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,408 people, 467 households, and 294 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|722.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 537 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 83.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.5% of the population.

There were 467 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.0% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the city was 32.5 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.1% were from 25 to 44; 22.1% were from 45 to 64; and 11.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,420 people, 494 households, and 320 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|736.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 553 housing units at an average density of {{convert|286.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 86.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.90% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.96% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.65% of the population.

There were 494 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.2% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $2,313, and the median income for a family was $31,797. Males had a median income of $2,417 versus $1,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,369.  About 19.1% of families and 21.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.7% of those under age 18 and 13.0% of those age 65 or over.

