==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1930 = 145
| 1940 = 171
| 1950 = 122
| 1960 = 94
| 1970 = 108
| 1980 = 112
| 1990 = 146
| 2000 = 132
| 2010 = 124
| 2020 = 88
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 83
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 132 people, 55 households, and 33 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|47.2|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|24.0|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]].

There were 55 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $16,500, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $21,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,481. There were 5.6% of families and 19.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 23.5% of under eighteens and 3.8% of those over 64.

