==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 637
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 628 people, 166 households, and 140 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 15.8 people per square mile (6.1/km{{sup|2}}). There were 197 housing units at an average density of 5.0 per square mile (1.9/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 12.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 84.87% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.27% of the population.

There were 166 households, out of which 44.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.1% were non-families. 13.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.78 and the average family size was 4.16.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 39.5% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $25,096, and the median income for a family was $25,865. Males had a median income of $20,000 versus $14,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,640. About 21.8% of families and 27.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.6% of those under age 18 and 34.3% of those age 65 or over.

