==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1900 = 1789
| 1910 = 954
| 1920 = 779
| 1930 = 771
| 1940 = 811
| 1950 = 778
| 1960 = 835
| 1970 = 822
| 1980 = 950
| 1990 = 1026
| 2000 = 1183
| 2010 = 1242
| 2020 = 1306
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,242 people, 509 households, and 328 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|498.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 561 housing units at an average density of {{convert|225.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 509 households, of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.6% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 37.7 years. 26.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 23.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,183 people, 460 households, and 305 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|477.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 491 housing units at an average density of {{convert|198.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.17% of the population.

There were 460 households, out of which 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.5% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 17.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,964, and the median income for a family was $45,417. Males had a median income of $32,875 versus $25,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,424. About 6.1% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.8% of those under age 18 and 10.2% of those age 67 or over.

