==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 1449
|1870= 2777
|1880= 3353
|1890= 4149
|1900= 4489
|1910= 4636
|1920= 4400
|1930= 4106
|1940= 4247
|1950= 4693
|1960= 4838
|1970= 5338
|1980= 5478
|1990= 5371
|2000= 5305
|2010= 5524
|2020= 5571
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 5,524 people, 2,296 households, and 1,423 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|955.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,561 housing units at an average density of {{convert|443.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.0% of the population.

There were 2,296 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.0% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 39 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.8% were from 25 to 44; 25.7% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 5,305 people, 2,170 households, and 1,425 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 887.4 people per square mile (342.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 2,391 housing units at an average density of 400.0 per square mile (154.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 95.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.77% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.60% from two or more races. 4.56% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 2,170 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.3% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.1% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,896, and the median income for a family was $44,922. Males had a median income of $31,512 versus $21,658 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,667. About 3.6% of families and 7.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.3% of those under age 18 and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.

