==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 661
|2020= 657
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Gasquet first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Gasquet had a population of 657. The population density was {{convert|138.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Gasquet was 526 (80.1%) [[White Americans|White]], 7 (1.1%) [[African Americans|African American]], 40 (6.1%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 4 (0.6%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 1 (0.2%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 9 (1.4%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 70 (10.7%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 43 persons (6.5%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Gasquet CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0629154 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 21, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 321 households, out of which 60 (18.7%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 151 (47.0%) were married-couple households, 25 (7.8%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 83 (25.9%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 62 (19.3%) had a male householder with no partner present. 105 households (32.7%) were one person, and 74 (23.1%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.05.<ref name=DP1/> There were 194 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (60.4% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Gasquet CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0629154 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 21, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 91 people (13.9%) under the age of 18, 21 people (3.2%) aged 18 to 24, 111 people (16.9%) aged 25 to 44, 187 people (28.5%) aged 45 to 64, and 247 people (37.6%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 59.7{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 87.2 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 378 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 321 (84.9%) were occupied. Of these, 238 (74.1%) were owner-occupied, and 83 (25.9%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

