==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 873
|1920= 905
|1930= 965
|1940= 1050
|1950= 1361
|1960= 1506
|1970= 1511
|1980= 1520
|1990= 1935
|2000= 2042
|2010= 2726
|2020= 2941
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,762 people, 862 households, and 555 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,485.4 people per square mile (575.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 919 housing units at an average density of 668.5 per square mile (259.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 95.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.81% of the population.

Major ancestry groups reported by Elkton residents include:
United States or American - 23.9%,
German - 15.3%,
English - 8.4%,
Irish - 6.9%,
Scotch-Irish - 4.6%,
Dutch - 2.3%,
Scottish - 2.2%,
Norwegian - 1.2%,
French - 1.6%,
Welsh - 1.1%,
Italian - 0.8%,
Polish - 0.9%,
French Canadian - 0.3%,
Hungarian - 0.2%,
Russian - 0.2%,
Slovak - 0.2%,
West Indian (excluding Hispanic groups) - 0.2%,
Other ancestries - 12.1%.<ref>{{cite web|url=http://censtats.census.gov/data/VA/1605125408.pdf|title=Profile of General Demographic Characteristics|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|year=2000|access-date=March 21, 2008|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20110518153046/http://censtats.census.gov/data/VA/1605125408.pdf|archive-date=May 18, 2011|url-status=dead}}</ref>

There were 862 households, out of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,556, and the median income for a family was $41,500. Males had a median income of $30,032 versus $21,996 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,192. About 4.7% of families and 6.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.4% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.

