==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 2276
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2020, there were 2,276 people, 996 housing units, and 951 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,837.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 84.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.1% of the population.

There were 951 households, out of which 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 31.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $63,945, and the median income for a family was $94,383. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $44,550. About 3.6% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

