==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 100
|2000= 248
|2010= 305
|2020= 381
|estyear=2022
|estimate=373
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 13, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 13, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 22, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 305 people, 101 households, and 92 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|726.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|257.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 101 households, of which 50.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 86.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 8.9% were non-families. 4.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.02 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the city was 39.4 years. 32.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 to 44; 35.4% were from 45 to 64; and 5.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 248 people, 83 households, and 76 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|609.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|206.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.40% from two or more races.

There were 83 households, out of which 51.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 89.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 8.4% were non-families. 6.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.99 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.5% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 34.7% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 5.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $88,700, and the median income for a family was $92,211. Males had a median income of $61,667 versus $29,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $35,207. About 1.3% of families and 2.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 30.0% of those 65 or over.

