==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 634
|1880= 582
|1890= 625
|1900= 850
|1910= 1201
|1920= 1340
|1930= 1312
|1940= 1604
|1950= 1932
|1960= 2019
|1970= 2214
|1980= 2231
|1990= 2407
|2000= 2637
|2010= 2711
|2020= 2620
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 2659
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,711 people, 1,052 households, and 681 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1936.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,182 housing units at an average density of {{convert|844.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 1,052 households, of which 39.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the village was 33.8 years. 29% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.4% were from 25 to 44; 22.4% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,637 people, 1,012 households, and 682 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,969.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,099 housing units at an average density of {{convert|820.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.72% of the population.

There were 1,012 households, out of which 40.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.9% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 15.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 87.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,385, and the median income for a family was $38,448. Males had a median income of $31,829 versus $23,844 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,071. About 16.4% of families and 20.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.9% of those under age 18 and 20.1% of those age 65 or over.

