==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 45
|1920= 253
|1930= 193
|1940= 174
|1950= 113
|1960= 154
|1970= 131
|1980= 101
|1990= 67
|2000= 129
|2010= 112
|2020= 86
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 112 people, 30 households, and 28 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1018.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|390.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 46.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 42.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 11.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 76.8% of the population.

There were 30 households, of which 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 83.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 6.7% were non-families. 3.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.73 and the average family size was 3.50.

The median age in the city was 30.3 years. 29.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 21.5% were from 45 to 64; and 11.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 129 people, 35 households, and 29 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,492.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|497.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 31.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.55% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 64.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 77.52% of the population.

There were 35 households, out of which 62.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.3% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.69 and the average family size was 4.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 41.1% under the age of 18, 13.2% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 17.8% from 45 to 64, and 3.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 23 years. For every 100 females, there were 130.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $24,063. Males had a median income of $17,813 versus $11,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $5,727. There were 27.6% of families and 31.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

