==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 53
|1890= 280
|1900= 301
|1910= 380
|1920= 436
|1930= 427
|1940= 379
|1950= 318
|1960= 277
|1970= 384
|1980= 356
|1990= 324
|2000= 352
|2010= 303
|2020= 273
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 303 people, 129 households, and 77 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|818.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 156 housing units at an average density of {{convert|421.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.0% of the population.

There were 129 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.3% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the village was 42.5 years. 28.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 32.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 352 people, 136 households, and 96 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|987.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 152 housing units at an average density of {{convert|426.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.57% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.28% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.27% of the population.

There were 136 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.8 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $21,818 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,913. About 9.7% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.9% of those under age 18 and 14.5% of those age 65 or over.

