==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 237
|1940= 289
|1950= 305
|1960= 360
|1970= 514
|1980= 529
|1990= 454
|2000= 446
|2010= 471
|2020= 543
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 471 people, 193 households, and 147 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|112.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 217 housing units at an average density of {{convert|51.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 193 households, of which 22.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.8% were non-families. 21.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the village was 52.6 years. 20.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.3% were from 25 to 44; 30.4% were from 45 to 64; and 29.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 446 people, 183 households, and 144 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|105.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 197 housing units at an average density of {{convert|46.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.90% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.90% from two or more races. 19.9% were of [[English Americans|English]], 11.2% [[German Americans|German]], 10.1% [[Irish Americans|Irish]], 9.6% [[Italian Americans|Italian]], 7.7% [[Slovene Americans|Slovene]] and 5.7% [[American ancestry]] according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 183 households, out of which 19.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.8% were non-families. 13.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 16.6% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 17.0% from 25 to 44, 38.3% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females there were 102.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $97,595, and the median income for a family was $134,041. Males had a median income of $76,790 versus $32,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $61,408. About 1.4% of families and 0.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty-five or over.

