==Demographics==
===Town of Autaugaville===
{{US Census population
| align = right
| 1910 = 313
| 1920 = 362
| 1930 = 450
| 1940 = 456
| 1950 = 459
| 1960 = 440
| 1970 = 870
| 1980 = 843
| 1990 = 681
| 2000 = 820
| 2010 = 870
| 2020 = 795
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="U.S. Decennial Census">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Autaugaville first appeared on the census as an incorporated town in 1910.<ref>{{cite web |title=Supplement for Alabama – Population, Agriculture, Manufactures, Mines and Quarries |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/41033935v1-8ch1.pdf |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20100810080419/http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/41033935v1-8ch1.pdf |archive-date=August 10, 2010 |url-status=live |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1910}}</ref> See Autaugaville Precinct below.

===2020 Census data===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Autaugaville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0103220&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 18, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|219
|27.55%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|531
|66.79%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|3
|0.38%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|1
|0.13%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|32
|4.03%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|9
|1.13%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 795 people, 444 households, and 299 families residing in the town.

===2010 Census data===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, the population density was {{convert|114.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 66.8% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 31.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. 0.8% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.00.

===2000 Census data===

As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, the population density was {{convert|106.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 65.98% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 32.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.22% from two or more races. 0.98% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.18.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,563, and the median income for a family was $35,417. Males had a median income of $29,688 versus $19,821 for females. The per capita income for the town was $12,586. 27.1% of the population and 27.4% of families were below the poverty line. 31.2% of those under the age of 18 and 23.2% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

