==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2020= 27
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===Ethnic diversity===
Paul Laveaga, one of Unionville's more prominent citizens, was born in Mexico in 1841.  He was the only member of his family to leave Mexico for Nevada.  When he came to the state in 1866, he worked for wages and mined in Unionville.  In 1868, Laveaga opened up a lodging house and restaurant which he ran until 1884 when he left for Winnemucca.  In addition, he served as post master in Unionville for many years. Laveaga was a successful businessman and well-respected by his fellow citizens.  In 1874, he was elected to the state assembly where he served four terms.  Laveaga also served as the Humboldt county treasurer for eight years.  Although he would eventually leave Unionville for the more prominent town of Winnemucca, Laveaga's success in the state of Nevada stemmed from his initial settlement in Unionville.<ref>Thomas Wren, ''A History of the State of Nevada: Its Resources and People'' (New York: The Lewis Publishing Company, 1904), 683–684.</ref>

Like other mining towns in the American West, Chinese laborers resided in Unionville and mined in the American Canyon.  The town's white inhabitants were quick to exhibit virulent anti-Chinese racism.  The Democratic party newspaper in town, the ''Humboldt Register'', equated the Chinese to "baboons or trained monkeys."  In addition to anti-Chinese racism, a segment of Unionville's population, organized as the Anti-Chinese League, was responsible for forcibly expelling the Chinese population in the middle of January 1869.  The Chinese, outnumbered and outgunned, did nothing to resist expulsion, nor did any of the town's religious or fraternal organizations attempt to stop it.  The 35 Chinese males that resided in town were put on a wagon and taken twenty-five miles to Mill City, the nearest station on the Central Pacific Railway.

Eighteen men were [[Indictment|indicted]] for this crime in federal court: W S Bonnifield, William Woolcock, Peter Woolcock, Samuel Fiefield, Samuel J Bonnifield, John Cavanaugh, John McCanney, William Bush, Lewis Moore, George Holden, Jerry Job, O. Jewett, Robert Henderson, John J. Hill, “John Doe” Waitz, Lewis Dunn, “John Doe” Harrison, and James Hamblyn. Of these, only two were arrested, Lewis Dunn and John J Hill. Lewis Dunn was released under a writ of habeas corpus by District Judge George G. Berry. John J. Hill was similarly released by the judge of the U. S. District Court, Alex W. Baldwin. The indictment noted that a number of other men were involved, but that their names were unknown.<ref>Case 407: ''United States vs. W. S Bonnifield, et al.'' Criminal Case Files, 1865–1982. Records of the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada, Reno. In the holdings of the National Archives at San Francisco.</ref>

This was a significant event which provides an early example of the attitudes of white Nevadans toward the Chinese.  Anti-Chinese agitation and forced expulsion emerged in other communities throughout Nevada and the Far West.

The events of 1869 did not permanently dissuade some Chinese from remaining in the county.  After Unionville declined as a white mining center, scattered Chinese returned to mine the surrounding environs.  Because water was at premium in the area, Chinese miners used rockers rather than sluices at their sites.  As late as 1905 there were still Chinese miners that continued to work in the American Canyon, but by that time they were quite elderly and numbered fewer than ten.<ref>Arif Dirlik and Malcolm Yeung, eds., ''Chinese on the American Frontier'' (Lanham: Rowman & Littlefield, 2001), 98–99, 106.</ref>

