==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 282
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 281 people, 105 households, and 70 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|28.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of 11.3 per square mile (4.4/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 41.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 47.69% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.71% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.83% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.69% of the population.

There were 105 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 31.7% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $22,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,629. About 27.4% of families and 30.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.1% of those 65 or over.

