==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 294
|1930= 400
|1940= 449
|1950= 618
|1960= 662
|1970= 694
|1980= 678
|1990= 759
|2000= 734
|2010= 836
|2020= 752
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Conway racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3714400&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 369
| 49.07%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 338
| 44.95%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.13%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.13%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 27
| 3.59%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 16
| 2.13%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 752 people, 306 households, and 221 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 836 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 48.6% White, 47.7% Black and 1.3% from two or more races. 2.4% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 734 people, 328 households, and 205 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|406.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 356 housing units at an average density of {{convert|196.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 65.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 33.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.27% of the population.

There were 328 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 66.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,250, and the median income for a family was $27,386. Males had a median income of $26,932 versus $21,538 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,969. About 24.9% of families and 24.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.3% of those under age 18 and 21.1% of those age 65 or over.

