==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 302
| 1940 = 329
| 1950 = 261
| 1960 = 220
| 1970 = 272
| 1980 = 309
| 1990 = 277
| 2000 = 286
| 2010 = 262
| 2020 = 233
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 261
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 286 people, 120 houses and 81 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|641.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|296.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 97.55% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.35% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.70% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.70% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.70% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. 0.70% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 120 households, out of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who were 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 22.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.9 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 98.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,353, and the median income for a family was $32,917. Males had a median income of $26,042 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,237. 17.5% of the population and 10.7% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 27.1% of those under the age of 18 and 16.7% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

