==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 413
|1890= 429
|1910= 456
|1920= 386
|1930= 418
|1940= 415
|1950= 355
|1960= 458
|1970= 492
|1980= 570
|1990= 613
|2000= 579
|2010= 551
|2020= 461
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
Winchester is part of the [[Topeka, Kansas]] [[Topeka metropolitan area|Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212234628/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 551 people, 229 households, and 140 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1574.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 261 housing units at an average density of {{convert|745.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 229 households, of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.9% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 42.8 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 22.4% were from 45 to 64; and 25.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=http://factfinder.census.gov|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212221153/http://factfinder.census.gov/main.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=American FactFinder}}</ref> of 2000, there were 579 people, 210 households, and 149 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,958.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 221 housing units at an average density of {{convert|747.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.73% of the population.

There were 210 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 22.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,143, and the median income for a family was $41,500. Males had a median income of $35,313 versus $19,659 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,568. About 9.0% of families and 10.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.2% of those under age 18 and 8.9% of those age 65 or over.

