==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|497
|1890|560
|1900|687
|1910|583
|1920|568
|1930|590
|1940|543
|1950|472
|1960|399
|1970|331
|1980|342
|1990|333
|2000|304
|2010|304
|2020|245
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 245 people, 119 households, and 73 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 406.6 inhabitants per square mile (157.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 123 housing units at an average density of 204.1 per square mile (78.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 96.3% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 3.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.6% of the population.

Of the 119 households, 23.5% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% were cohabitating couples, 21.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 22.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 38.7% of all households were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 51.3 years. 22.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 2.9% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 19.6% were from 25 and 44; 32.2% were from 45 and 64; and 23.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 304 people, 120 households, and 83 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|515.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 131 housing units at an average density of {{convert|222.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 120 households, of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.8% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the city was 40.2 years. 26.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.7% were from 45 to 64; and 16.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.6% male and 48.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 304 people, 125 households, and 76 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|508.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 144 housing units at an average density of {{convert|240.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.99% from two or more races.

There were 125 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.4% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.13.

27.0% are under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $28,000 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,854. About 11.0% of families and 16.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.5% of those 65 or over.

