==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 81
|1890= 95
|1900= 125
|1910= 170
|1920= 150
|1930= 129
|1940= 154
|1950= 130
|1960= 92
|1970= 125
|1980= 267
|1990= 345
|2000= 425
|2010= 391
|2020= 625
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref> 2020<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web|title=2020 Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US2927928|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 391 people, 157 households, and 124 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|501.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|214.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.51% of the population.

There were 157 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.0% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the village was 46.5 years. 17.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 36% were from 45 to 64; and 16.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 425 people, 154 households, and 129 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|527.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|196.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.94% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.24% of the population.

There were 154 households, out of which 39.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 77.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.6% were non-families. 13.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $53,125, and the median income for a family was $57,375. Males had a median income of $35,341 versus $17,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,763. About 1.6% of families and 3.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.8% of those under age 18 and 3.6% of those age 65 or over.

