==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 61
|1910= 74
|1920= 183
|1930= 222
|1940= 289
|1950= 310
|1960= 350
|1970= 300
|1980= 438
|1990= 417
|2000= 454
|2010= 441
|2020= 458
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 508
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2023-POP-37.xlsx |date=May 16, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 16, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Micro is the least-populated incorporated community in Johnston County.<ref name= details>{{cite web| url = https://www.johnstoncountync.org/listing/town-of-micro/1896/| title = Town of Micro : Details| publisher = Johnston County Visitors Bureau| access-date = November 17, 2022}}</ref> As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 454 people, 211 households, and 124 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,114.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 225 housing units at an average density of {{convert|552.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.71% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.96% of the population.

There were 211 households, out of which 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 39.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 21.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,889, and the median income for a family was $39,773. Males had a median income of $30,962 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,629. About 1.4% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.1% of those under age 18 and 27.9% of those age 65 or over.

