==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|212
|1920|421
|1930|400
|1940|397
|1950|327
|1960|343
|1970|286
|1980|307
|1990|268
|2000|316
|2010|251
|2020|249
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 249 people, 117 households, and 61 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 252.2 inhabitants per square mile (97.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 136 housing units at an average density of 137.7 per square mile (53.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 96.0% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from other races and 3.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.0% of the population.

Of the 117 households, 18.8% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% were cohabitating couples, 24.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 29.9% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 47.9% of all households were non-families. 41.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 46.9 years. 20.5% of the residents were under the age of 20; 6.8% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 18.9% were from 25 and 44; 32.1% were from 45 and 64; and 21.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 251 people, 121 households, and 66 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|248.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 143 housing units at an average density of {{convert|141.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 97.6% White, 0.8% Native American, and 1.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino people of any race were 3.2%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref>

Of the 121 households 21.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.2% were married couples living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.5% were non-families. 43.8% of households were one person and 24% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age was 48.2 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.8% were from 25 to 44; 30% were from 45 to 64; and 25.1% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 316 people, 143 households, and 84 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|314.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|146.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 99.05% White, 0.32% Native American, 0.32% Asian, and 0.32% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino people of any race were 0.63%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the 143 households 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were married couples living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.6% were non-families. 36.4% of households were one person and 25.2% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.89.

26.6% of the people are under the age of 18, 1.9% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 29.1% 65 or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.6 males.

The median household income was $26,125 and the median family income  was $37,292. Males had a median income of $27,250 versus $17,500 for females. The per capita income for the city was $13,837. About 10.8% of families and 15.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.4% of those under age 18 and 18.0% of those age 65 or over.

