==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 228
| 1920 = 256
| 1930 = 225
| 1940 = 226
| 1950 = 199
| 1960 = 205
| 1970 = 358
| 1980 = 459
| 1990 = 488
| 2000 = 548
| 2010 = 518
| 2020 = 495
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 528
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Traskwood racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0569830&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 31, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 466
| 94.14%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.2%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 24
| 4.85%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 4
| 0.81%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 495 people, 147 households, and 94 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 548 people, 203 households, and 149 families residing in the town.  The [[population density]] was 37.4/km{{sup|2}} (97.1/mi<sup>2</sup>).  There were 211 housing units at an average density of 14.4/km{{sup|2}} (37.4/mi<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the town was 97.26% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.73% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.73% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.09% from two or more races.  1.28% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 203 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.6% were non-families. 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the town the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 9.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,929, and the median income for a family was $40,500. Males had a median income of $27,750 versus $21,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,555.  About 12.8% of families and 18.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.7% of those under age 18 and 5.5% of those age 65 or over.

