==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 217
|1930= 161
|1940= 210
|1950= 211
|1960= 284
|1970= 272
|1980= 271
|1990= 256
|2000= 249
|2010= 263
|2020= 247
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 247 people, 107 households, and 82 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|617.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 131 housing units at an average density of {{convert|327.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 6.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 14, 2012}}</ref>

There were 107 households, of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.4% were non-families. 17.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the town was 53.9 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 33.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

The median income for a household in the town was $56,875, and the median income for a family was $56,250. About 7.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 0.0% of those 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 263 people, 115 households, and 76 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|657.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 134 housing units at an average density of {{convert|335.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.3% of the population.<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 14, 2012}}</ref>

There were 115 households, of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.9% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the town was 42.3 years. 21.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.8% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 19% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 249 people, 103 households, and 69 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 967.6 people per square mile (369.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 121 housing units at an average density of 470.2 per square mile (179.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.80% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.61% of the population.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

There were 103 households, out of which 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,056, and the median income for a family was $40,250. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,584. About 10.9% of families and 14.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 33.3% of those 65 or over.

