==Demographics==
{{Outdated|part=section|date=May 2026|reason=needs more info for the 2010 and 2020 census}}{{US Census population
|1860= 380
|1870= 417
|1880= 414
|1890= 441
|1900= 390
|1910= 365
|1920= 415
|1930= 456
|1940= 523
|1950= 518
|1960= 612
|1970= 627
|1980= 675
|1990= 675
|2000= 691
|2010= 705
|2020= 677
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 691 people, 278 households, and 190 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,546.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 302 housing units at an average density of {{convert|676.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 99.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.58% from two or more races.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

There were 278 households, of which 37.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families; 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $40,221, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $35,875 versus $25,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $18,401. About 4.5% of families and 3.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.6% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.

