==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 294
|1860= 659
|1880= 362
|1890= 331
|1900= 295
|1910= 249
|1920= 241
|1930= 280
|1940= 281
|1950= 462
|1960= 1227
|1970= 1929
|1980= 2597
|1990= 2605
|2000= 2638
|2010= 2415
|2020= 2449
|estyear=2023
|estimate=2437
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,415 people, 1,069 households, and 732 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1886.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|875.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 1,069 households, of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.5% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the village was 48.1 years. 19.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 34.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

