==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 1723
|1900= 1969
|1910= 3408
|1920= 2993
|1930= 2773
|1940= 2517
|1950= 2373
|1960= 2346
|1970= 2363
|1980= 2581
|1990= 2134
|2000= 2313
|2010= 2169
|2020= 2772
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2000, there were 2,313 people, 1,120 households, and 583 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,345.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,942 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,129.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 85.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.44% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.95% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.31% of the population. As of the 2020 U.S. Census, there were 2,772 village residents.

There were 1,120 households, of which 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.9% were non-families. 40.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 16.5% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 24.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.8 males.

The village's [[median income|median household income]] was $52,275 and the median family income was $70,536. Males had a median income of $41,181 versus 34,750 for females. The village's [[per capita income]] was $40,566. About 1.8% of families and 4.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.9% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.

As of 2015, the village's [[median income|median household income]] was $100,900, and the median per capita income was $63,995. The value of owner-occupied housing was $918,500 with a margin of error of +/- $53,587.<ref>{{Cite news|url=https://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US3664485-sag-harbor-ny/|title=Census profile: Sag Harbor, NY|work=Census Reporter|access-date=March 12, 2017}}</ref> Three of the special tax districts in Sag Harbor were ranked among the 20 Lowest Property Tax Districts on Long Island and those same three districts were ranked among the 30 lowest special tax districts in all of New York State.<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://www.empirecenter.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/PropertyTax2013.pdf|title=Highest, Lowest Property Tax Rates Ranked by Empire Center|website=Empire Center|access-date=March 11, 2017}}</ref>

