==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1990 = 2669
| 2000 = 3033
| 2010 = 793
| 2020 = 789
| align-fn = center
| footnote = [https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,033 people, 775 households, and 658 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 29.4 people per square mile (11.3/km{{sup|2}}). There were 831 housing units at an average density of 8.0/sq&nbsp;mi (3.1/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 26.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 59.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.03% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 8.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 15.99% of the population.

There were 775 households, out of which 49.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.0% were non-families. 10.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.91 and the average family size was 4.15.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 40.0% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 18.0% from 45 to 64, and 5.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $35,189, and the median income for a family was $35,333. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $22,763 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,623. About 23.8% of families and 27.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.4% of those under age 18 and 21.7% of those age 65 or over.

