==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 210
|1920= 132
|1930= 196
|1940= 134
|1950= 113
|1960= 117
|1970= 78
|1980= 107
|1990= 106
|2000= 108
|2010= 69
|2020= 65
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 69 people, 34 households, and 19 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|627.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|427.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 34 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.1% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.53.

The median age in the village was 49.1 years. 15.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.9% were from 25 to 44; 40.5% were from 45 to 64; and 21.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 44.9% male and 55.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 108 people, 40 households, and 27 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|984.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|419.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.56% of the population.

There were 40 households, out of which 42.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average home size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.37.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 13.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.6 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $25,417, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,470. There were 14.7% of families and 9.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 8.9% of under eighteens and 13.0% of those over 64.

