==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 103
|1940= 88
|1950= 101
|1960= 101
|1970= 101
|1980= 66
|1990= 103
|2000= 84
|2010= 84
|2020= 48
|2020n={{citation needed|date=May 2023}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>{{failed verification|date=May 2023|reason=No mention of Beaver at the given link}}
}}
{{update section|date=May 2023|reason=Newer information is available from the 2010 and 2020 census reports}}
Beaver first appeared on the 1930 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village.<ref>[https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/00476569ch2.pdf Alaska]</ref> It is unusual for having had just three different population figures on 7 out of 9 censuses (103 in 1930 & 1990; 101 in 1950-70 & 84 in 2000–10) and an identical (unchanged) population on 5 different censuses (101 in 1950, 1960 & 1970 and 84 in 2000 and 2010). Beaver became a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.<ref>[https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1980a_akABCD-01.pdf Number of Inhabitants. Alaska]</ref>

===2020 Census===
As of the 2020 Census,<ref name=":0" /> there were a reported 48 inhabitants across 41 households and 57 housing units within the CDP. The population density was {{convert|2.34|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|inhabitants&nbsp;|inhabitants|}}. The racial makeup was 95.83% Native American, 2.08% White, and 2.08% Hispanic or Latino.

The median household income was $36,964 and the median incomes for families was $46,250, both of which remained far below the Alaska median household income of $88,121. The poverty rate was 26.2%, including 61.1% of people under 18 years old and 24.4% of those aged 18 to 64 years.

The employment rate was 72.7%, with 70.8% of workers being in local, state, or federal employees, 22.9% being employees of private companies, and 6.3% being employed by private not-for-profits. As for transportation, 100% of workers 16 years old and over walked to work, with the average commute time being 5.6 minutes.

===2000 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 84 people, 31 households, and 19 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|4.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 4.76% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 85.71% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 9.52% from two or more races.

There were 31 households, out of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 12.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 32.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.42.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 40.5% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 15.5% from 45 to 64, and 7.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 154.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 163.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $29,792. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,441. There were no families and 11.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

