==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2010 = 39
| 2020 = 56
| align-fn = center
| footnote = [https://webarchive.loc.gov/all/20150112190311/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/searchresults.xhtml?refresh=t 2010 U.S. Census]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 census, there were 56 people, 34 housing units, and 15 families residing in the CDP. There were 45 [[White Americans|white]] people, 2 [[African Americans]], 2 [[Native Americans in the United States|Native Americans]], 0 [[Asian Americans|Asians]], 0 [[Pacific Islander]]s, and 7 people from two or more races. 2 people had [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] origin.<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Altoona_CDP,_Washington?g=160XX00US5301745 |access-date=2023-05-17 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

The ancestry for Altoona was 36.4% [[German Americans|German]], 33.3% [[English Americans|English]], 27.3% [[Irish Americans|Irish]], and 27.3% [[Scottish Americans|Scottish]].<ref name=":0" />

The median age in Altoona was 75.1 years old. 54.5% of the population were over 65.<ref name=":0" />

0.0% of the population were in poverty.<ref name=":0" />

===2010 census===
As of the census of 2010,<ref name="census"/> there were 39 people, 20 households, and 17 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|7.66|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|6.68|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 79.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 7.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 12.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.1% of the population.

There were 20 households, out of which 5.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 85.0% were married couples living together, 0.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.0% were non-families. 15.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.12.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 2.6% under the age of 18, 0.0% from 18 to 24, 7.7% from 25 to 44, 48.7% from 45 to 64, and 41.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 62.6 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 123.5 males.

