==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 208
|1910= 129
|1920= 115
|1930= 112
|1940= 116
|1950= 126
|1960= 80
|1970= 89
|1980= 96
|1990= 71
|2000= 50
|2010= 57
|2020= 49
|estyear=2023
|estimate=45
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 57 people, 22 households, and 17 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|247.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|95.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.8% from two or more races.

There were 22 households, of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.7% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 37.3 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 14% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 35% were from 45 to 64; and 7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 56.1% male and 43.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 50 people, 19 households, and 15 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|221.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 20 housing units at an average density of {{convert|88.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 19 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.8% were non-families. 15.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.0% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 34.0% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 8.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 72.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $48,125. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $25,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,022. There were 18.2% of families and 22.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 31.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

