==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 200
|1930= 270
|1940= 288
|1950= 275
|1960= 303
|1970= 303
|1980= 313
|1990= 243
|2000= 211
|2010= 188
|2020= 208
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> there were 188 people, 93 households and 52 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|817.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|513.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 93 households, of which 21.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.1% were non-families. 43.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age was 44.7 years. 21.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 22.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender make-up was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census.<ref name="GR2" /> there were 211 people, 101 households and 65 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|865.9|/sqmi}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|517.1|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up was 99.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.37% of the population.

There were 101 households, of which 22.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present and 34.7% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.65.

17.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 23.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $29,583 and the median family income was $44,063. Males had a median income of $30,500 and females $20,938. The [[per capita income]] was $18,300. None of the families and 0.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 3.4% of those over 64.

