==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 302
|1920= 306
|1930= 303
|1940= 348
|1950= 348
|1960= 259
|1970= 229
|1980= 220
|1990= 196
|2000= 139
|2010= 131
|2020= 137
|estyear=2022
|estimate=137
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 28, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 28, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 131 people, 77 households, and 37 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|524.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 94 housing units at an average density of {{convert|376.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 77 households, of which 6.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 51.9% were non-families. 49.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.70 and the average family size was 2.41.

The median age in the city was 63.9 years. 7.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.4% were from 25 to 44; 32.2% were from 45 to 64; and 48.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 43.5% male and 56.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 139 people, 83 households, and 43 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|544.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|407.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.72% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 83 households, out of which 4.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.0% were non-families. 45.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.67 and the average family size was 2.25.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 7.9% under the age of 18, 2.9% from 18 to 24, 16.5% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 53.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 66 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,375, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $30,250 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $24,843. There were 6.5% of families and 17.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of under eighteens and 17.6% of those over 64.

