==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 135
|1890= 171
|1900= 145
|1910= 139
|1920= 122
|1930= 118
|1940= 164
|1950= 130
|1960= 110
|1970= 72
|1980= 73
|1990= 39
|2000= 88
|2010= 48
|2020= 41
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
Leona is part of the [[St. Joseph, Missouri|St. Joseph]], [[Missouri|MO]]&ndash;KS [[St. Joseph, Missouri Metropolitan Area|Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 41 people, 15 households, and 11 families in Leona.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Leona%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 650.8 per square mile (251.3/km{{sup|2}}). There were 17 housing units at an average density of 269.8 per square mile (104.2/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Leona%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 92.68% (38) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (90.24% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.32% (3) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Leona%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 2.44% (1) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Leona%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 15 households, 33.3% had children under the age of 18; 46.7% were married couples living together; 6.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 13.3% of households consisted of individuals and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.6 and the average family size was 2.9.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Leona%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 2.4% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Leona%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

34.1% of the population was under the age of 18, 2.4% from 18 to 24, 43.9% from 25 to 44, 14.6% from 45 to 64, and 4.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 64.0 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 68.8 males.<ref name=:0 />

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 48 people, 14 households, and 11 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|960.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 17 housing units at an average density of {{convert|340.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.1% from two or more races.

There were 14 households, of which 57.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 14.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.4% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.43 and the average family size was 3.64.

The median age in the city was 22 years. 39.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 14.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.3% were from 25 to 44; 12.5% were from 45 to 64; and 2.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.3% male and 43.8% female.

