==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 264
|1930= 340
|1970= 754
|1980= 1087
|1990= 933
|2000= 811
|2010= 1028
|2020= 1049
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Banner Elk racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3703500&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 19, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 883
| 84.18%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 47
| 4.48%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 7
| 0.67%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 6
| 0.57%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 32
| 3.05%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 74
| 7.05%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,049 people, 277 households, and 147 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 811 people, 215 households, and 124 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|679.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 290 housing units at an average density of {{convert|243.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.95% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.62% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.25% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.85% of the population.

Of the 215 households, 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.3% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 10.7% under the age of 18, 47.8% from 18 to 24, 16.8% from 25 to 44, 14.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.1 males

