==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,839 people, 759 households, and 563 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|107.0|PD/sqmi}}. There were 837 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.7|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.16% of the population.

There were 759 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.8% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 27.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $40,714, and the median income for a family was $47,195. Males had a median income of $43,233 versus $36,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $24,607. About 13.1% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.3% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.

