==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 283
|1910= 543
|1920= 591
|1930= 619
|1940= 580
|1950= 531
|1960= 555
|1970= 541
|1980= 820
|1990= 699
|2000= 798
|2010= 862
|2020= 890
|estyear=2019
|estimate=895
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census estimates===
As of the census<ref name="Bureau">{{Cite web|publisher=United States Census Bureau|title=Search Results|url=https://www.census.gov/search-results.html|access-date=2021-03-29|website=The United States Census Bureau|language=EN-US}}</ref> estimates of 2020, Troy had a population of 895 people (53 of which are recognized military veterans)(an observed 12.2% increase since 2000) and 321 housing units in the city's boundaries. 85.8% of residents are expected to have a broadband Internet subscription, 98.8% of current residents are estimated to have completed education at the high-school level or higher, and just 2.4% of the population are predicted to be living without health insurance.<ref name="Bureau"/> The median resident age is 34.6 years, slightly lower than the statewide median age of 36.9 years.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 862 people, 324 households, and 242 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1091.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 355 housing units at an average density of {{convert|449.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 324 households, of which 38.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.3% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the city was 37.9 years. 29% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 11.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 798 people, 309 households, and 224 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,004.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 341 housing units at an average density of {{convert|429.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.13% of the population.

There were 309 households, out of which 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.2% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.8% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $42,031. Males had a median income of $33,194 versus $23,295 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,557. About 11.9% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.7% of those under age 18 and 3.1% of those age 65 or over.

