==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 102
|1940= 172
|1950= 388
|1960= 631
|1970= 877
|1980= 1634
|1990= 1626
|2000= 1545
|2010= 1288
|2020= 916
|estyear=2023
|estimate=933
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,288 people, 589 households, and 326 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|569.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,136 housing units at an average density of {{convert|502.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 589 households, of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.7% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the village was 42.7 years. 19.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.4% were from 25 to 44; 32.7% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,545 people, 665 households, and 395 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|760.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|574.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.58% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.04% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.20% of the population.

There were 665 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.5% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 99.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,583, and the median income for a family was $31,786. Males had a median income of $28,375 versus $20,655 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,860. About 15.0% of families and 19.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.8% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.

