==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 182
|1920= 123
|1930= 131
|1940= 134
|1950= 142
|1960= 182
|1970= 151
|1980= 146
|1990= 126
|2000= 110
|2010= 96
|2020= 95
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 96 people, 36 households, and 21 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|342.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|142.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.2% from two or more races.

There were 36 households, of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.7% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.33.

The median age in the village was 31.3 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.1% were from 25 to 44; 21.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 110 people, 37 households, and 25 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|390.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|145.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.91% from two or more races.

There were 37 households, out of which 37.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 32.4% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.97 and the average family size was 3.92.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.7% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 86.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $36,667 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,077. There were no families and 3.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 18.8% of those over 64.

