==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1880= 701
|1890= 427
|1900= 265
|1910= 283
|1920= 292
|1930= 432
|1940= 453
|1950= 508
|1960= 404
|1970= 379
|1980= 354
|1990= 226
|2000= 244
|2010= 209
|2020= 175
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 244 people, 89 households, and 67 families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|645.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 96 housing units at an average density of {{convert|254.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 99.59% White and 0.41% African American. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.41% of the population.

There were 89 households, out of which 33.7% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 62.9% were married couples living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.6% were non-families. 16.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.10.

Within the borough, the population was spread out, with 26.6% who were under the age of eighteen, 6.6% who were aged eighteen to twenty-four, 28.3% who were aged twenty-five to forty-four, 21.7% who were aged forty-five to sixty-four, and 16.8% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-six years.

For every one hundred females there were 89.1 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 82.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $32,125, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $36,750 compared with that of $21,042 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,290.

Approximately 12.5% of families and 16.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 22.6% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 13.6% of those who were sixty-five or older.

