==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 769
|1910= 1022
|1920= 1014
|1930= 1220
|1940= 1220
|1950= 1134
|1960= 1258
|1970= 1328
|1980= 1162
|1990= 1186
|2000= 1588
|2010= 1692
|2020= 1774
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Ramseur racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3755040&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 20, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,094
| 61.67%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 233
| 13.13%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 10
| 0.56%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 32
| 1.8%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 108
| 6.09%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 297
| 16.74%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,774 people, 638 households, and 415 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 1,588 people, 652 households, and 444 families in the town. The population density was {{convert|968.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 697 housing units at an average density of {{convert|424.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the town was 80.67% White, 10.96% African American, 0.25% Native American, 0.69% Asian, 5.04% from other races, and 2.39% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.25%.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 652 households 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were married couples living together, 16.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 29.0% of households were one person and 16.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.95.

The age distribution was 26.3% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.8% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.6 males.

The median household income was $32,961 and the median family income  was $42,153. Males had a median income of $28,500 versus $20,848 for females. The per capita income for the town was $15,411. About 10.2% of families and 14.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.2% of those under age 18 and 22.1% of those age 65 or over.

