==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 270
|1920= 436
|1930= 344
|1940= 438
|1950= 362
|1960= 376
|1970= 384
|1980= 423
|1990= 510
|2000= 474
|2010= 369
|2020= 388
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 369 people, 160 households, and 91 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|396.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 186 housing units at an average density of {{convert|200.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 160 households, of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.1% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 41.3 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 474 people, 182 households, and 111 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|507.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 199 housing units at an average density of {{convert|212.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 93.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.42% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.74% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.63% of the population.

There were 182 households, out of which 39.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.3% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.6 males.

The median income in 2000 for a household in the city was $27,292, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $22,083 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,198.  About 8.8% of families and 14.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of those under age 18 and 6.7% of those age 65 or over.

