==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 470
|1930= 354
|1940= 318
|1950= 352
|1960= 336
|1970= 365
|1980= 474
|1990= 465
|2000= 588
|2010= 555
|2020= 544
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
Alba is part of the [[Joplin, Missouri]] [[Joplin, Missouri Metropolitan Area|Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 555 people, 227 households, and 167 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1681.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 251 housing units at an average density of {{convert|760.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 227 households, of which 40.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.4% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 36.1 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 588 people, 184 households, and 142 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,796.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 202 housing units at an average density of {{convert|617.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.68% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.34% of the population.

There were 184 households, out of which 45.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.8% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the city the population was spread out, with 29.8% under the age of 18, 15.5% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 6.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,333, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $23,625 versus $16,364 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,588. About 9.5% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.2% of those under age 18 and 19.4% of those age 65 or over.

