==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 101
|1930= 80
|1940= 135
|1950= 137
|1960= 102
|1970= 84
|1980= 117
|1990= 106
|2000= 140
|2010= 136
|2020= 144
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Tanacross first appeared on the 1920 U.S. Census as the unincorporated village of "Tanana Crossing." In 1940, the name was combined to form "Tanacross." It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 140 people, 42 households, and 28 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 8.57% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 88.57% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.43% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.43% from two or more races. 1.43% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

Of the 42 households, 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.5% were married couples living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.33 and the average family size was 3.93.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 30.7% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $22,083, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $71,250 versus $24,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,429. There were 22.6% of families and 33.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 43.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

