==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 544
|1880= 623
|1890= 730
|1900= 684
|1910= 650
|1920= 585
|1930= 581
|1940= 564
|1950= 707
|1960= 768
|1970= 857
|1980= 832
|1990= 776
|2000= 789
|2010= 759
|2020= 716
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 759 people, 291 households, and 199 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|602.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 331 housing units at an average density of {{convert|262.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 291 households, of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.6% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 36.3 years. 26.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.9% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 14.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 789 people, 287 households, and 216 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|651.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 316 housing units at an average density of {{convert|261.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 97.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.51% of the population. 23.5% were of [[Germans|German]], 17.8% [[English people|English]], 15.1% [[United States|American]], 7.8% [[Dutch people|Dutch]] and 6.5% [[Irish people|Irish]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 287 households, out of which 41.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.7% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.2% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,441, and the median income for a family was $43,393. Males had a median income of $40,625 versus $25,156 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,582.  About 7.0% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.2% of those under age 18 and 12.9% of those age 65 or over.

