==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 339
|1940= 288
|1950= 270
|1960= 445
|1970= 642
|1980= 532
|1990= 601
|2000= 583
|2010= 590
|2020= 526
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 590 people, 232 households, and 186 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|166.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 324 housing units at an average density of {{convert|91.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 232 households, of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 19.8% were non-families. 16.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the village was 50.6 years. 21.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.7% were from 25 to 44; 36.4% were from 45 to 64; and 22.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

The 2008–2012 estimated median household income in the village was $174,583.<ref>U.S. Census Bureau. [https://archive.today/20200212213801/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_12_5YR_DP03  Selected Economic Characteristics 2008–2012 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates: Chenequa Village, Wisconsin]</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 583 people, 223 households, and 183 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 164.5 people per square mile (63.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 280 housing units at an average density of 79.0 per square mile (30.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.77 percent [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34 percent [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34 percent [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.17 percent [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.37 percent from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.86 percent of the population.

There were 223 households, out of which 30.0 percent had children under age 18 living with them, 78.0 percent were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.2 percent had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.5 percent were non-families. 13.9 percent of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7 percent had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older. The average household size was 2.61 people and the average family size was 2.88 people.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.8 percent under age 18, 4.6 percent from 18 years old to 24 years old, 19.0 percent from 25 years old to 44 years old, 37.2 percent from 45 years old to 64 years old, and 16.3 percent who were 65 years old or older. The median age was age 48. For every 100 females, there were 102.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $163,428, and the median income for a family was $166,623. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $40,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $86,552. None of the families and 0.5 percent of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no one under 18 years old and none of those over age 64.

