==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 302
| 1930 = 246
| 1940 = 281
| 1950 = 176
| 1960 = 188
| 1970 = 146
| 1980 = 176
| 1990 = 237
| 2000 = 221
| 2010 = 245
| 2020 = 240
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|website=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|title=U.S. Census website|website=census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008}}</ref> of 2000, there were 221 people, 68 households, and 55 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 6.2 people per square mile (2.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 75 housing units at an average density of 2.1 per square mile (0.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 99.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 68 households, out of which 41.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.1% were non-families. 19.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.25 and the average family size was 3.76.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 36.2% under the age of 18, 12.2% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 130.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,750, and the median income for a family was $42,250. Males had a median income of $39,861 versus $12,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,510. About 7.3% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.6% of those 65 or over.

