==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 118
|1870= 378
|1880= 393
|1890= 414
|1900= 553
|1910= 418
|1920= 457
|1930= 448
|1940= 436
|1950= 420
|1960= 418
|1970= 435
|1980= 493
|1990= 475
|2000= 443
|2010= 405
|2020= 450
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

Per the [[2010 United States census]], Elkhart had 405 people.  Among non-Hispanics this includes 387 [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (95.6%), 2 [[Asian American|Asian]] (0.5%), 2 [[Native Hawaiian]] and 1 from two or more races.  The [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] population included 13 people (3.2%).

There were 176 households, out of which 19.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were married couples living together, 2.8% had a female householder with children and no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 34.1% had someone who was 65 years of age or older.

The age distribution of the population shows 80.0% over the age of 18 and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.5 years. The gender ratio was 46.2% male and 53.8% female. Among 176 occupied households, 84.7% were owner-occupied and 15.3% were renter-occupied.[https://wayback.archive-it.org/all/20151023151502/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml]

As of the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 443 people, 183 households, and 116 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|303.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 194 housing units at an average density of {{convert|133.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 183 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were married couples living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the village, the age distribution of the population shows 28.0% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,838, and the median income for a family was $55,417. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $24,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,958. About 4.3% of families and 4.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.6% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

