==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1970 = 148
| 1980 = 282
| 1990 = 248
| 2000 = 255
| 2010 = 272
| 2020 = 232
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 222
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 255 people, 119 households, and 82 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|164.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 128 housing units at an average density of {{convert|82.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 87.45% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 9.02% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.39% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 3.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]].  4.31% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 119 households, out of which 19.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.54.

In the city the population was spread out, with 16.9% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 34.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,625, and the median income for a family was $38,438. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $16,786 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $23,059.  About 11.5% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 3.4% of those 65 or over.

