==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 248
| 1930 = 177
| 1970 = 113
| 1980 = 112
| 1990 = 69
| 2000 = 75
| 2010 = 54
| 2020 = 50
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 51
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 75 people, 31 households, and 20 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|137.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|89.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.33% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 6.67% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]].

There were 31 households, out of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.3% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 29.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 70.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,107, and the median income for a family was $24,643. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,302. There were 13.6% of families and 32.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 47.6% of under eighteens and 23.5% of those over 64.

