==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 516
|1870= 811
|1880= 1497
|1890= 1444
|1900= 1581
|1910= 1804
|1920= 1887
|1930= 2068
|1940= 2334
|1950= 2523
|1960= 2611
|1970= 2865
|1980= 2945
|1990= 2915
|2000= 2906
|2010= 2641
|2020= 2786
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 30, 2013}}</ref><ref>Data in historical populations table from {{citation|title=US Census, 1890|year = 1891|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=40kUAAAAYAAJ&q=census%20pataskala&pg=RA1-PA151}}; {{citation|title=US Census, 2000|isbn = 9781428986060|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=9A1ElkbD3YcC&q=1990%20census%20ohio&pg=PA21}}; {{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 30, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> there were 2,641 people, 1,071 households, and 680 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1015.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,174 housing units at an average density of {{convert|451.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 1,071 households, of which 29.5% contained children under the age of 18, 48.7% were married couples living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.5% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the village was 43 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 27.7% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 2,906 people, 1,189 households, and 763 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,168.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,264 housing units at an average density of {{convert|508.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.93% White, 0.03% Native American, 0.21% Asian, 0.17% from other races, and 0.65% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.52% of the population.

There were 1,189 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were married couples living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 94.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,273, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $31,225 versus $23,807 for females. The per capita income for the village was $16,831. About 9.7% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.3% of those under age 18 and 5.0% of those age 65 or over.

