==Demographics==
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results|title=Data Center Results|access-date=April 27, 2024|archive-date=March 8, 2016|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20160308223853/https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results|url-status=live}}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| Spoke [[Navajo language|Navajo]] at home || 100%
|}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 103 people, 28 households, and 25 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 5.2 people per square mile (2.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 38 housing units at an average density of 1.9/sq&nbsp;mi (0.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.03% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 28 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 10.7% were non-families. 10.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.68 and the average family size was 3.92.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 30.1% under the age of 18, 15.5% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 6.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $47,250, and the median income for a family was $47,250. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $5,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,021. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

