==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1880= 271
|1890= 255
|1900= 257
|1910= 266
|1920= 284
|1930= 284
|1940= 303
|1950= 275
|1960= 209
|1970= 214
|1980= 154
|1990= 125
|2000= 158
|2010= 155
|2020= 162
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|df=}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 158 people, 56 households, and 42 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|201.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 64 housing units at an average density of {{convert|81.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.59% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 3.80% from two or more races.

There were 56 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.40.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,563, and the median income for a family was $46,875. Males had a median income of $32,083 versus $33,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,564. About 18.6% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 15.8% of those 65 or over.

