==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 90
|1970= 304
|1980= 235
|1990= 223
|2000= 304
|2010= 282
|2020= 300
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 304 people, 109 households, and 68 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|570.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|223.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.92% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.33% of the population.

There were 109 households, out of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 34.2% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 18.8% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 133.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $35,833. Males had a median income of $22,188 versus $17,656 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,129. About 1.6% of families and 7.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 18.4% of those 65 or over.
{{clear left}}

