==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1970= 34
|1980= 89
|1990= 61
|2000= 37
|2010= 55
|2020= 52
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 37 people, 15 households, and 12 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|37.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 17 housing units at an average density of {{convert|17.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]].

There were 15 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 13.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 27.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,625, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,209. There were no families and 13.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 100.0% of those over 64.

