==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = right
| 1880 = 514
| 1890 = 289
| 1900 = 418
| 1910 = 380
| 1920 = 378
| 1930 = 439
| 1940 = 441
| 1950 = 371
| 1960 = 398
| 1970 = 399
| 1980 = 423
| 1990 = 422
| 2000 = 596
| 2010 = 577
| 2020 = 598
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 577 people, 209 households, and 155 families residing in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and .7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.<ref name="GR2" />

There were 209 households, out of which 25% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.8% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.28.<ref name="GR2" />

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.6% under the age of 18, 5% from 20 to 24, 16.8% from 25 to 44, 23% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.5 years. The total female population was 49.7% with 50.3% being male.<ref name="GR2" />

The median income for a household in the town was $51,838 in 2015. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $15,000 for females. 6.2% of people in Orderville were below the [[poverty line]]. 17.9% of the population does not have health insurance. The median value for a house is $125,800.<ref name="2015 pop estimate">{{cite web|title=Orderville town, Utah|url=https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?q=orderville%2C+utah&search.x=0&search.y=0&search=submit&page=1&stateGeo=none&searchtype=web|website=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 22, 2016}}</ref>

