==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 122
|1940= 173
|1950= 207
|1960= 205
|1970= 205
|1980= 192
|1990= 124
|2000= 128
|2010= 282
|2020= 275
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
According to 2010 [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> data, there were 282 people, 113 households, and 85 families residing in the town.
 
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, the population density was {{convert|1,016.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|571.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 75.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 22.66% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.34% of the population.

There were 61 households, out of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.1% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.54.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.0% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 35.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $29,583. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,962. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].{{clear left}}

