==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 265
|1870= 376
|1880= 377
|1890= 783
|1900= 884
|1910= 813
|1920= 776
|1930= 715
|1940= 739
|1950= 759
|1960= 731
|1970= 718
|1980= 692
|1990= 738
|2000= 663
|2010= 608
|2020= 451
|estyear=2021
|estimate=452
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2010,<ref name="GR8">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2011-05-14 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 608 people, 341 households, and 134 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|779.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 408 housing units at an average density of {{convert|523.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% some other race, and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 341 households, out of which 15.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 25.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 60.7% were non-families. 54.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.78 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 15.1% under the age of 18, 60.7% from 18 to 64, and 24.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49.2 years.

The median income for a household in the borough was $26,635, and the median income for a family was $41,563. Males had a median income of $31,042 versus $21,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,448. About 9.0% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of those under age 18 and 17.1% of those age 65 or over.

*First settler was [[Aristide Aubert du Petit Thouars|Aristide du Petit Thouars]], in 1794; In 1960, the now, Dushore Community Park, was named Du Thouars Park. It was rededicated in the early 1990s and renamed.
*Hometown of [[NASCAR]] and [[Automobile Racing Club of America|ARCA]] driver [[L. W. Miller]].

