==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 216
|1930= 193
|1940= 185
|1950= 175
|1960= 141
|1970= 106
|1980= 86
|1990= 56
|2000= 43
|2010= 21
|2020= 18
|estyear=2022
|estimate=17
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 26, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 26, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 21, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 21 people, 12 households, and 9 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|84.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 24 housing units at an average density of {{convert|96.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.8% from two or more races.

There were 12 households, of which 8.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.75 and the average family size was 2.00.

The median age in the city was 68.5 years. 4.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.3% were from 25 to 44; 28.5% were from 45 to 64; and 52.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 61.9% male and 38.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 43 people, 20 households, and 16 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|173.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|109.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. 43.2% were of [[germans|German]], 27.0% [[english people|English]], 24.3% [[norwegians|Norwegian]] and 5.4% [[Polish people|Polish]] ancestry.

There were 20 households, out of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.44.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 7.0% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 7.0% from 25 to 44, 30.2% from 45 to 64, and 46.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 62 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $19,000 versus $27,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,457. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

