==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 164
|1970= 685
|1980= 680
|1990= 568
|2000= 444
|2010= 603
|2020= 517
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 603 people, 258 households, and 173 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1005.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 286 housing units at an average density of {{convert|476.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 258 households, of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.9% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the town was 40.6 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.9% were from 25 to 44; 23.4% were from 45 to 64; and 21.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 444 people, 207 households, and 127 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|820.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 217 housing units at an average density of {{convert|400.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.68% of the population.

There were 207 households, out of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.6% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,472, and the median income for a family was $52,917. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $17,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $22,482. About 3.3% of families and 5.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.7% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those age 65 or over.

