==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 121
|1930= 118
|1940= 128
|1950= 158
|1960= 138
|1970= 161
|1980= 150
|1990= 112
|2000= 99
|2010= 104
|2020= 120
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 104 people, 49 households, and 30 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|236.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|120.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 49 households, of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.8% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the city was 41.5 years. 17.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.9% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 99 people, 48 households, and 26 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|223.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|110.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.01% of the population.

There were 48 households, out of which 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.8% were non-families. 43.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.2% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $27,917 versus $18,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,622. There were 16.1% of families and 27.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of under eighteens and 42.9% of those over 64.

