==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 120
|1930= 107
|1940= 100
|1950= 123
|1960= 128
|1970= 109
|1980= 168
|1990= 154
|2000= 168
|2010= 163
|2020= 175
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 163 people, 64 households, and 52 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|452.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|219.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.5% from two or more races.

There were 64 households, of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 18.8% were non-families. 17.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 42.6 years. 20.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.8% were from 25 to 44; 30.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 168 people, 60 households, and 52 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|376.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|152.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 60 households, out of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 13.3% were non-families. 13.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the village the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 118.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $54,583, and the median income for a family was $59,375. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $21,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,666. About 5.1% of families and 3.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

