==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 236
|1900= 332
|1910= 393
|1920= 320
|1930= 359
|1940= 422
|1950= 440
|1960= 524
|1970= 624
|1980= 858
|1990= 752
|2000= 775
|2010= 742
|2020= 752
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 775 people, 310 households, and 221 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 825.3 people per square mile (318.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 327 housing units at an average density of 348.2 per square mile (134.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 79.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 16.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.45% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.03% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.32% of the population.

There were 310 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,196, and the median income for a family was $39,500. Males had a median income of $27,109 versus $21,146 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,054. About 12.1% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.0% of those under age 18 and 15.3% of those age 65 or over.

