==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 152
|1890= 345
|1900= 347
|1910= 387
|1920= 386
|1930= 380
|1940= 419
|1950= 471
|1960= 559
|1970= 569
|1980= 504
|1990= 488
|2000= 437
|2010= 437
|2020= 422
|estyear=2023
|estimate=441
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 437 people, 166 households, and 121 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1506.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 192 housing units at an average density of {{convert|662.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 166 households, of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.1% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the village was 36.9 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 15.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 437 people, 165 households, and 119 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,516.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 178 housing units at an average density of {{convert|617.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.69% of the population.

There were 165 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 99.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,167, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $30,987 versus $25,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,722. About 12.1% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.4% of those under age 18 and 5.0% of those age 65 or over.

