==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1890 = 536
| 1900 = 665
| 1910 = 618
| 1920 = 573
| 1930 = 570
| 1940 = 526
| 1950 = 476
| 1960 = 499
| 1970 = 319
| 1980 = 435
| 1990 = 386
| 2000 = 485
| 2010 = 474
| 2020 = 508
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 485 people, 165 households, and 130 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 569.8 people per square mile (220.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 214 housing units at an average density of 251.4 per square mile (97.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 95.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.03% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.71% of the population.

There were 165 households, of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.2% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.94, and the average family size was 3.43.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.4% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 17.1% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,411, and the median income for a family was $36,583. Males had a median income of $30,556 versus $21,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,346. About 9.6% of families and 17.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.5% of those under age 18 and 3.3% of those age 65 or over.

