==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1335
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,452 people, 488 households, and 404 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|346.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 524 housing units at an average density of {{convert|125.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 64.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 34.71% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.62% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.03% of the population.

There were 488 households, out of which 45.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.2% were non-families. 13.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 30.9% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 33.0% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 6.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $41,607, and the median income for a family was $42,197. Males had a median income of $27,540 versus $21,049 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,529. About 10.2% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.3% of those under age 18 and 4.7% of those age 65 or over.<ref>[https://archive.today/20200212051119/http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=&geo_id=16000US4511350&_geoContext=01000US%7C04000US45%7C16000US4511350&_street=&_county=Cane+Savannah&_cityTown=Cane+Savannah&_state=&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&ActiveGeoDiv=&_useEV=&pctxt=fph&pgsl=160&_submenuId=factsheet_1&ds_name=null&_ci_nbr=null&qr_name=null&reg=null:null&_keyword=&_industry=&show_2003_tab=&redirect=Y US Census Bureau Data]</ref>

