==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 307
|1930= 139
|1940= 159
|1950= 135
|1960= 97
|1970= 46
|1980= 36
|1990= 24
|2000= 13
|2010= 13
|2020= 8
|estyear=2024
|estimate=8
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 18, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br/>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 13 people, 8 households, and 4 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|10.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 12 housing units at an average density of {{convert|9.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 8 households, of which 12.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 25.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.63 and the average family size was 2.25.

The median age in the city was 55.8 years. 7.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 0.0% were from 25 to 44; 69.3% were from 45 to 64; and 23.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 13 people, 8 households, and 3 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 10.7 people per square mile (4.1/km{{sup|2}}). There were 18 housing units at an average density of 14.8 per square mile (5.7/km{{sup|2}}). Everyone was (by identity) [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 8 households, out of which just 2 households (25.0%) had children under the age of 18 living with them, 12.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 62.5% were non-families. 62.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 37.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.63 and the average family size was 2.67.

The largest population group in the city was 25 to 44 year olds, with 38.5%. Those aged 65 and over made up 30.8% of the population followed by those under the age of 18 with 23.1%. 45 to 64 year olds made up just 7.7% of the population. The median age was 42 years.<ref name=age>{{cite American Factfinder|city|3842660|age}}</ref>

The median income for a household in the city was $6,875, and the median income for a family was $12,500. There were no year-round workers in the city, though 77.8% of the population reported earnings from [[Social Security (United States)|Social Security]] income. When Social Security is excluded, 66.7% of the population reported some type of earnings. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $6,467. There were 50.0% of families living below the [[poverty line]] and 75.0% of the population. 100.0% of those over 64 were below the poverty line.

