==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 79
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2010, there were 93 people, 50 households, and 26 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|127|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|157.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial and ethnic composition of the population was 87.1% white, 1.1% African American and 11.8% Native American. There were no [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race in the community.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US2618880| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1): Cross Village CDP, Michigan| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| accessdate=February 11, 2016| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213114520/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US2618880| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

There were 50 households, out of which 16.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were headed by [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.0% were non-families. 46.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.86, and the average family size was 2.62.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 16.1% under the age of 18, 2.2% from 18 to 24, 13.0% from 25 to 44, 47.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53.9 years. For every 10 females there were 12.7 males. For every 10 females age 18 and over, there were 12.3 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

For the period 2010–14, the estimated median annual income for a household in the township was $36,750, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Male full-time workers had a median income of $55,625 versus $40,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,203. About 8.3% of families and 15.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.0% of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 or over.<ref>{{cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/14_5YR/DP03/1600000US2618880| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2010-2014 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): Cross Village CDP, Michigan| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| accessdate=February 11, 2016| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213084740/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/14_5YR/DP03/1600000US2618880| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

