==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 53
| 1920 = 350
| 1930 = 259
| 1940 = 205
| 1950 = 289
| 1960 = 303
| 1970 = 361
| 1980 = 302
| 1990 = 245
| 2000 = 265
| 2010 = 223
| 2020 = 180
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 171
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2015|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|access-date=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 265 people, 111 households, and 74 families residing in the town. There were 124 housing units at an average density of {{convert|393.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 95.85% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.51% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.38% from two or more races.  2.64% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 111 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the town the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,286, and the median income for a family was $24,500. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $12,656 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,334.  About 24.4% of families and 29.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 34.3% of those 65 or over.

