==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 257
|1940= 414
|1950= 260
|1960= 267
|1970= 132
|1980= 134
|1990= 73
|2000= 66
|2010= 62
|2020= 41
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 62 people, 29 households, and 15 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|248.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|132.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 72.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 16.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 29 households, of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 27.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.3% were non-families. 44.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the town was 42.5 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 22.5% were from 45 to 64; and 24.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 66 people, 30 households, and 18 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|274.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|158.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 68.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 28.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.03% from two or more races.

There were 30 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 1.5% from 18 to 24, 37.9% from 25 to 44, 15.2% from 45 to 64, and 24.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,083, and the median income for a family was $29,375. Males had a median income of $25,313 versus $21,458 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,070. There were 16.7% of families and 23.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 23.8% of under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

