==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 79
|1940= 112
|1950= 86
|1960= 122
|1970= 100
|1980= 106
|1990= 114
|2000= 96
|2010= 73
|2020= 67
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 73 people, 34 households, and 28 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|169.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|88.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 34 households, of which 5.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 17.6% were non-families. 14.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.32.

The median age in the town was 60.3 years. 4.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 9.6% were from 25 to 44; 53.5% were from 45 to 64; and 26% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.4% male and 46.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 96 people, 39 households, and 31 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|215.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|91.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 39 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.5% were non-families. 17.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 11.5% from 25 to 44, 41.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $154,780, and the median income for a family was $153,320. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $68,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $100,565. None of the population or the families were below the [[poverty line]].

