==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 202
|1990= 185
|2000= 607
|2010= 1150
|2020= 1687
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Maggie Valley racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3740600&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 19, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,475
| 87.43%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 23
| 1.36%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 15
| 0.89%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 30
| 1.78%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 69
| 4.09%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 75
| 4.45%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,687 people, 833 households, and 562 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 607 people, 297 households, and 179 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|372.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 565 housing units at an average density of {{convert|347.0|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.66% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.66% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.82% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.16% of the population.

There were 297 households, of which 16.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.7% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.56.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 14.0% under age 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 33.8% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% who were 65 or older. The median age was 49. For every 100 females, there were 92.1 males. For every 100 females 18 and over, there were 89.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,808, and the median income for a family was $40,417. Males had a median income of $27,813 versus $20,865 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,211. About 9.8% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.2% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.

