==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 237
|1920= 282
|1930= 170
|1940= 168
|1950= 205
|1960= 206
|1970= 189
|1980= 165
|1990= 176
|2000= 134
|2010= 151
|2020= 180
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 5, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 151 people, 62 households, and 37 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|457.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|263.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.9% of the population.

There were 62 households, of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.3% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the town was 41.8 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 31.7% were from 45 to 64; and 14.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.6% male and 46.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 134 people, 60 households, and 36 families residing in the town. The population density was 406.6 people per square mile (156.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 77 housing units at an average density of 233.6 per square mile (90.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.24% of the population.

There were 60 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were married couples living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 22.4% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,917, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $24,792 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,335. There were 5.7% of families and 8.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

