==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1950 = 203
| 1960 = 217
| 1970 = 235
| 1980 = 135
| 1990 = 141
| 2000 = 213
| 2010 = 204
| 2020 = 225
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 204 people, 92 households, and 66 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|17.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 135 housing units at an average density of {{convert|11.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 92 households, of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.3% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the city was 47.8 years. 18.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 35.3% were from 45 to 64; and 20.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 213 people, 79 households, and 57 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|20.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|11.4|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.47% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.35% of the population.

There were 79 households, out of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.6% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,083, and the median income for a family was $41,071. Males had a median income of $37,083 versus $17,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,527. About 3.8% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.7% of those 65 or over.

