==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,338 people, 530 households, and 338 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 379.5 people per square mile (146.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 601 housing units at an average density of 170.5/sq&nbsp;mi (65.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 72.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 24.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.79% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.93% of the population.

There were 530 households, out of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.2% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 18.2% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 25.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $28,359, and the median income for a family was $34,940. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $17,868 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,651. About 13.3% of families and 17.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.2% of those under age 18 and 15.2% of those age 65 or over.

