==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 663
|1940= 655
|1950= 612
|1960= 608
|1970= 557
|1980= 648
|1990= 656
|2000= 572
|2010= 575
|2020= 596
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 575 people, 275 households, and 145 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|410.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 325 housing units at an average density of {{convert|232.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 275 households, of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.3% were non-families. 41.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the village was 43.3 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.2% were from 45 to 64, and 22.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 572 people, 251 households, and 150 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|402.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 294 housing units at an average density of {{convert|206.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.87% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 22.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.22% from two or more races. 0.87% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 251 households, out of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.2% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 21.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,313, and the median income for a family was $35,833. Males had a median income of $30,313 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,098. About 17.5% of families and 23.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.8% of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those age 65 or over.

