==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 281
|1930= 168
|1940= 115
|1950= 124
|1960= 120
|1970= 72
|1980= 71
|1990= 53
|2000= 53
|2010= 66
|2020= 49
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 66 people, 26 households, and 19 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|600.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|263.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 26 households, of which 42.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.9% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 42 years. 30.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 to 44; 30.3% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 53 people, 23 households, and 16 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|499.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 25 housing units at an average density of {{convert|235.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 83.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 16.98% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.98% of the population.

There were 23 households, out of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 30.4% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 18.9% from 25 to 44, 30.2% from 45 to 64, and 24.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,313, and the median income for a family was $48,125. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,089. There were 5.9% of families and 9.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 38.9% of those over 64.

