==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 461
|1870= 547
|1880= 1331
|1890= 1737
|1900= 2225
|1910= 2615
|1920= 2997
|1930= 2967
|1940= 3608
|1950= 4072
|1960= 4371
|1970= 4585
|1980= 5038
|1990= 5834
|2000= 7827
|2010= 9200
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=9984}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5566800">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Reedsburg city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5566800&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=1 July 2022}}</ref> the population was 9,984. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,684.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 4,433 housing units at an average density of {{convert|748.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 88.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.7% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 5.0% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 7.2% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 9,200 people, 3,795 households, and 2,357 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1578.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 4,103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|703.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 3,795 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.9% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 35.7 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.2% were from 25 to 44; 22.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 7,827 people, 3,193 households, and 2,021 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,503.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 3,380 housing units {{convert|251.0|/km2|/mi2|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.01% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.61% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.78% from two or more races. 1.58% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 3,193 households, out of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 13.01.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $39,152, and the median income for a family was $44,329. Males had a median income of $33,211 versus $21,973 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,828. About 5.5% of families and 7.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.3% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.

