==Demographics==
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 334 people, 161 households, and 95 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 203.0 people per square mile (78.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 168 housing units at an average density of 102.1/sq&nbsp;mi (39.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.90% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.40% of the population.

There were 161 households, out of which 18.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were married couples living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.4% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 17.4% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 19.8% from 25 to 44, 36.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $27,250, and the median income for a family was $28,214. Males had a median income of $31,917 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,782. None of the families and 5.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 8.1% of those over 64.

