==Demographics==
{{More citations needed|section|date=August 2023}}
{{US Census population
|1930= 1432
|1940= 1592
|1950= 1909
|1960= 7013
|1970= 9610
|1980= 8231
|1990= 7506
|2000= 6978
|2010= 6606
|2020= 6792
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/folcroftboroughpennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
According to the most recent 2019 ACS, the racial makeup composition of Folcroft was 55.21% White, 39.32% Black or African American, 1.90% Asian, and 2.76% two or more races. Folcroft has a growing Hispanic and African population in recent years. Origin of naturalized citizens are 61% African, 12% Asian and 6.6% Latin American.<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://worldpopulationreview.com/us-cities/folcroft-pa-population/|title=Folcroft, Pennsylvania Population 2021 (Demographics, Maps, Graphs)}}</ref>

As of Census 2010, the racial makeup of the borough was 67.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 26.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.6% of the population.{{citation needed|date=August 2023}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 6,978 people, 2,530 households, and 1,862 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|5,151.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,629 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,940.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 93.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.0% [[African-American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.95% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.03% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.10% of the population.

There were 2,530 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.4% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $44,443, and the median income for a family was $50,791. Males had a median income of $38,105 versus $27,098 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,727. About 7.8% of families and 8.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.2% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.

