==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|221
|1920|210
|1930|198
|1940|177
|1950|200
|1960|186
|1970|187
|1980|184
|1990|188
|2000|184
|2010|159
|2020|135
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 135 people, 63 households, and 36 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,110.2 inhabitants per square mile (428.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 73 housing units at an average density of 600.3 per square mile (231.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 90.4% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 7.4% from other races and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 10.4% of the population.

Of the 63 households, 27.0% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% were cohabitating couples, 23.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 23.8% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 42.9% of all households were non-families. 38.1% of all households were made up of individuals, 23.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 48.5 years. 18.5% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 24.4% were from 25 and 44; 33.3% were from 45 and 64; and 20.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 159 people, 72 households, and 44 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1135.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|578.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 72 households, of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.9% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the city was 47.5 years. 18.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.5% were from 25 to 44; 40.2% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 184 people, 78 households, and 45 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,463.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|652.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 78 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.3% were non-families. 37.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 16.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $31,528 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,233. About 14.0% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 6.3% of those 65 or over.

