==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 85
|2020= 65
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> 92 people, 40 households, and 25 families reside in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|26.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|13.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 40 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 37.5% of all households comprised individuals, and 15.0% had someone 65 years or older living alone. The average household size was 2.30, and the average family size was 3.00.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $25,208, and the median income for a family was $26,875. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $11,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,885. There were 13.0% of families and 17.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 27.8% of those over 64.

