==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 138
|1960= 98
|1970= 95
|1980= 76
|1990= 77
|2000= 71
|2010= 64
|2020= 67
|estyear=2024
|estimate=67
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=September 2, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 64 people, 29 households, and 19 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|457.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|257.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.1% from two or more races.

There were 29 households, of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 46 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.3% were from 25 to 44; 45.4% were from 45 to 64; and 6.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 71 people, 31 households, and 15 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|501.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|261.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 31 households, out of which 38.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.4% were non-families. 48.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.50.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,875, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $37,500 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,849. There were no families and 2.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 15.4% of those over 64.

