==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 336
| 1920 = 220
| 1930 = 142
| 1940 = 181
| 1950 = 115
| 1960 = 40
| 1970 = 46
| 1980 = 45
| 1990 = 92
| 2000 = 101
| 2010 = 120
| 2020 = 114
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 116
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{Cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |access-date=June 4, 2015 |publisher=Census.gov}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=January 31, 2008 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> there were 101 people, 52 households and 34 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 86.7/km{{sup|2}} (225.7/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 141 housing units at an average density of 121.0/km{{sup|2}} (315.1/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 94.06% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.97% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.99% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.98% from two or more races. 4.95% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 52 households, of which 15.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.37.

11.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 15.8% from 25 to 44, 36.6% from 45 to 64, and 32.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $41,875 and the median family income was $48,750. Males had a median income of $31,250 and females $23,750. The [[per capita income]] was $22,133. There were 14.3% of families and 19.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 36.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

