==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1810= 88
|1870= 206
|1880= 184
|1890= 275
|1900= 305
|1910= 322
|1920= 400
|1930= 404
|1940= 361
|1950= 349
|1960= 481
|1970= 510
|1980= 465
|1990= 514
|2000= 541
|2010= 577
|2020= 713
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 2, 2023}}</ref>
}}

As of the 2020 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 713 people, 279 households, 211 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|221.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 279 housing units at an average density of {{convert|91.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the city was 78.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 15.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.98% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.82% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

At the 2000 [[census]], there were 197 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.05.

22.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $36,719 and the median family income was $42,188. Males had a median income of $32,500 compared with $20,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,016. About 13.8% of families and 17.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.3% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.

