==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 353
|1890= 398
|1900= 401
|1910= 413
|1920= 458
|1930= 418
|1940= 462
|1950= 542
|1960= 616
|1970= 722
|1980= 689
|1990= 755
|2000= 795
|2010= 709
|2020= 689
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 795 people, 309 households, and 211 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|804.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 336 housing units at an average density of {{convert|339.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.98% White, 0.88% African American, 0.63% Native American, 0.38% from other races, and 1.13% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.38% of the population.

There were 309 households, out of which 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married]] couples living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 32.5% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,386, and the median income for a family was $46,667. Males had a median income of $32,917 versus $23,571 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,909. 1.4% of families and 4.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.6% of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over.

