==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 195
|1920= 282
|1930= 301
|1940= 328
|1950= 325
|1960= 364
|1970= 325
|1980= 277
|1990= 250
|2000= 243
|2010= 214
|2020= 199
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 199 people, 95 households, and 54 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,225.4 inhabitants per square mile (473.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 117 housing units at an average density of 720.5 per square mile (278.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 88.4% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 4.0% from other races and 7.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 11.6% of the population.

Of the 95 households, 18.9% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% were cohabitating couples, 27.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 25.3% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 43.2% of all households were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 50.8 years. 20.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.5% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 20.1% were from 25 and 44; 31.7% were from 45 and 64; and 23.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.3% male and 45.7% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 214 people, 109 households, and 63 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1188.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 130 housing units at an average density of {{convert|722.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 109 households, of which 18.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.2% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.48.

The median age in the city was 51.1 years. 14.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.7% were from 25 to 44; 40.2% were from 45 to 64; and 20.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 243 people, 117 households, and 67 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,403.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 134 housing units at an average density of {{convert|774.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.82% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 117 households, out of which 20.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.7% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.82.

19.3% are under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 33.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,750, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $25,250 versus $18,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,827. About 2.9% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.9% of those 65 or over.

