==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 399
|1940= 352
|1950= 375
|1960= 347
|1970= 465
|1980= 541
|1990= 562
|2000= 896
|2010= 780
|2020= 762
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 896 people, 347 households, and 246 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,204.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 376 housing units at an average density of {{convert|505.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.67% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.90% of the population.

There were 347 households, out of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,735, and the median income for a family was $50,000. Males had a median income of $32,135 versus $24,659 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,266. About 3.7% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.4% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear|left}}

