==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 503
|1890= 450
|1900= 416
|1910= 463
|1920= 541
|1930= 452
|1940= 428
|1950= 465
|1960= 465
|1970= 568
|1980= 548
|1990= 609
|2000= 621
|2010= 677
|2020= 651
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
According to 2019 American Community Survey,<ref>{{Cite web|publisher=United States Census Bureau|title=American Community Survey 5-Year Data (2009-2019)|url=https://www.census.gov/data/developers/data-sets/acs-5year.html|access-date=February 1, 2021|website=The United States Census Bureau|language=EN-US}}</ref>  there were 655 people, 237 households, and 155 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 1026 people per square mile. There were 313 housing units. The racial makeup of the village was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]],  0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.3% two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 237 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them. 60.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.9% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 48.5% of households had one or more people 60 years of age and over. The average household size was 2.7.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22% under the age of 18, 12% from 20 to 29, 14% from 30 to 39, 10% from 40 to 49, 13% from 50 to 59, and 16% from 60 to 69. Overall, 17% of Rushville's population is 65 and older. The average age of a Rushville citizen is 39.7 years old.

The [[per capita income]] for a household in the village was $27,359, and the median income for a family was $43,047. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $27,961 for females. About 6.1% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]]. 33.4% of the village has a high school education, with another 34.8marcu % completing some college. 9.4% have completed a bachelor's degree.

