==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 476
|1870= 659
|1880= 1009
|1890= 1024
|1900= 2009
|1910= 2230
|1920= 2480
|1930= 2362
|1940= 2614
|1950= 2831
|1960= 5978
|1970= 6635
|1980= 5703
|1990= 5748
|2000= 5274
|2010= 6795
|2020= 5362
|estyear=2025
|estimate=4615
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 5,274 people, 1,891 households, and 867 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|478.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 2,092 housing units at an average density of {{convert|189.7|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 93.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.74% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.49% of the population.

There were 1,891 households, out of which 16.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.8% were married couples living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 54.1% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 10.7% under the age of 18, 42.2% from 18 to 24, 17.3% from 25 to 44, 15.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.3 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $24,628, and the median income for a family was $43,168. Males had a median income of $35,833 versus $24,537 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $14,412. About 7.3% of families and 22.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.7% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.

