==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 175
|1980= 169
|1990= 195
|2000= 218
|2010= 215
|2020= 162
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
It is part of the [[Salina, Kansas|Salina]] [[Salina micropolitan area|Micropolitan Statistical Area]].<ref>{{Cite web| last = Nussle| first = Jim| publisher = Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President| title = Micropolitan Statistical Areas| page = 97| work = List 1-9| date = 2008-11-20| access-date = 2010-04-02| url = https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/omb/assets/omb/bulletins/fy2009/09-01.pdf}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 215 people, 80 households, and 59 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1653.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 94 housing units at an average density of {{convert|723.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.7% of the population.

There were 80 households, of which 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.3% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the city was 39.8 years. 27.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.7% were from 25 to 44; 36.7% were from 45 to 64; and 8.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.5% male and 46.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 218 people, 79 households, and 63 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,575.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|599.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.50% of the population.

There were 79 households, out of which 41.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.0% were non-families. 16.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.2% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,500, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $26,750 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,149. About 10.3% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

