==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 143
|1980= 404
|1990= 431
|2000= 513
|2010= 643
|2020= 692
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 513 people, 173 households, and 146 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|60.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 192 housing units at an average density of {{convert|22.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.78% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.17% of the population.

There were 173 households, out of which 49.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.6% were non-families. 12.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.97 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.4% under the age of 18, 12.3% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 9.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 98.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,750, and the median income for a family was $42,250. Males had a median income of $31,528 versus $20,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,941. About 8.2% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.7% of those under age 18 and 6.7% of those age 65 or over.

