==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 228
| 1930 = 246
| 1940 = 310
| 1950 = 354
| 1960 = 273
| 1970 = 284
| 1980 = 407
| 1990 = 434
| 2000 = 355
| 2010 = 377
| 2020 = 357
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 377 people, 152 households, and 99 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|443.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 164 housing units at an average density of {{convert|192.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.2% of the population.

There were 152 households, of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.9% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the village was 34.3 years. 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 11.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 355 people, 149 households, and 89 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|435.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 174 housing units at an average density of {{convert|213.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. 0.00% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 149 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.6% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 33.2% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,692, and the median income for a family was $40,938. Males had a median income of $27,232 versus $18,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,890. About 9.6% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.1% of those under age 18 and 12.5% of those age 65 or over.

