==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 516
| 1920 = 655
| 1930 = 648
| 1940 = 839
| 1950 = 880
| 1960 = 805
| 1970 = 1029
| 1980 = 1121
| 1990 = 1090
| 2000 = 1204
| 2010 = 1281
| 2020 = 934
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 921
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Ola racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0551560&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 31, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 664
| 71.09%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 7
| 0.75%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 5
| 0.54%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 6
| 0.64%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 36
| 3.85%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 216
| 23.13%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 934 people, 481 households, and 278 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,204 people, 464 households, and 283 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|648.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 556 housing units at an average density of {{convert|299.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 83.89% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.42% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.25% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.17% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 12.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.08% from two or more races.  16.86% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 464 households, out of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,375, and the median income for a family was $24,125. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $16,100 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,117.  About 20.1% of families and 27.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.9% of those under age 18 and 29.9% of those age 65 or over.

