==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 552
| 1920 = 420
| 1930 = 478
| 1940 = 512
| 1950 = 401
| 1960 = 482
| 1970 = 505
| 1980 = 539
| 1990 = 382
| 2000 = 423
| 2010 = 378
| 2020 = 303
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 307
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 423 people, 190 households, and 117 families residing in the town.  The [[population density]] was 140.8/km{{sup|2}} (364.8/mi<sup>2</sup>).  There were 224 housing units at an average density of 74.6/km{{sup|2}} (193.2/mi<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the town was 94.56% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.42% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.95% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.95% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.13% from two or more races.  2.84% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 190 households, out of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.9% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.2 males.  For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 72.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,481, and the median income for a family was $25,417. Males had a median income of $28,250 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,807.  About 21.0% of families and 29.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 44.8% of those under age 18 and 22.5% of those age 65 or over.

