==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 39
|1960= 247
|1970= 260
|1980= 273
|1990= 338
|2000= 494
|2010= 574
|2020= 649
|estyear=2019
|estimate=623
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 574 people in 256 households, including 188 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|972.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 369 housing units at an average density of {{convert|625.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 97.6% White, 0.2% Native American, 0.5% Asian, and 1.7% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.0%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref>

Of the 256 households 19.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.4% were married couples living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.6% were non-families. 22.7% of households were one person and 13.3% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.61.

The median age was 54.2 years. 17.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.5% were from 25 to 44; 34.9% were from 45 to 64; and 29.3% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 494 people in 208 households, including 164 families, in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,281.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 307 housing units at an average density of {{convert|796.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 99.60% White, 0.20% Native American and 0.20% Asian. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.81%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> 19.6% were of [[germans|German]], 14.4% [[english people|English]], 8.6% [[irish people|Irish]], 6.1% [[norwegians|Norwegian]], 6.1% [[Scottish people|Scottish]] and 5.9% [[swedish people|Swedish]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]]. 97.6% spoke [[English language|English]] and 2.4% [[spanish language|Spanish]] as their first language.

Of the 208 households 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.0% were married couples living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.7% were non-families. 18.3% of households were one person and 9.1% were one person aged 65 or older.  The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.65.

The age distribution was 19.2% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 20.2% from 25 to 44, 35.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% 65 or older.  The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.6 males.

The median household income was $65,893 and the median family income  was $67,143. Males had a median income of $50,250 versus $30,804 for females. The per capita income for the city was $31,834.  About 7.7% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.7% of those under age 18 and 4.3% of those age 65 or over.

