==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 141
|1930= 183
|1940= 159
|1950= 140
|1960= 168
|1970= 214
|1980= 254
|1990= 291
|2000= 431
|2010= 369
|2020= 312
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 369 people, 129 households, and 91 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|971.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 143 housing units at an average density of {{convert|376.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 79.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 14.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 24.7% of the population.

There were 129 households, of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.5% were non-families. 17.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.32.

The median age in the village was 33.9 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.8% were from 25 to 44; 22.3% were from 45 to 64; and 9.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 431 people, 144 households, and 110 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,131.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 155 housing units at an average density of {{convert|406.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 83.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.70% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 12.76% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 22.51% of the population.

There were 144 households, out of which 45.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.6% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.99 and the average family size was 3.34.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 34.8% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 14.4% from 45 to 64, and 9.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $36,477, and the median income for a family was $39,688. Males had a median income of $29,531 versus $20,769 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,744. About 8.7% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.7% of those under age 18 and 8.9% of those age 65 or over.

