==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 1664
|2020= 1623
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,664 people, 431 households, and 374 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|222.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 468 housing units at an average density of {{convert|62.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.78% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.44% of the population.

There were 431 households, out of which 53.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.0% were non-families. 10.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.86 and the average family size was 4.16.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 37.8% under the age of 18, 11.4% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 5.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $25,096, and the median income for a family was $26,346. Males had a median income of $19,567 versus $15,822 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,246. About 27.7% of families and 26.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.6% of those under age 18 and 58.3% of those age 65 or over.

