==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 69 people, 27 households, and 15 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 40.5 people per square mile (15.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 40 housing units at an average density of 23.5/sq&nbsp;mi (9.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 82.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 17.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 17.39% of the population.

There were 27 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 44.4% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.67.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $8,750, and the median income for a family was $0. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,600. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

