==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1870 = 705
| 1880 = 961
| 1890 = 986
| 1900 = 1202
| 1910 = 1269
| 1920 = 1275
| 1930 = 1183
| 1940 = 1247
| 1950 = 1371
| 1960 = 1509
| 1970 = 1446
| 1980 = 1479
| 1990 = 1458
| 2000 = 1504
| 2010 = 1214
| 2020 = 1267
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,214 people, 551 households, and 312 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|788.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 638 housing units at an average density of {{convert|414.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 551 households, of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.4% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 44.7 years. 22.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 28.5% were from 45 to 64; and 20.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.6% male and 53.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,504 people, 576 households, and 353 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 923.5 people per square mile (356.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 636 housing units at an average density of 390.5 per square mile (150.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.20% from two or more races. 0.80% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 576 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 29.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,679, and the median income for a family was $41,023. Males had a median income of $31,912 versus $21,719 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,047. About 5.1% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.0% of those under age 18 and 23.5% of those age 65 or over.

