==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 107
| 1890 = 241
| 1900 = 192
| 1910 = 209
| 1920 = 212
| 1930 = 175
| 1940 = 233
| 1950 = 211
| 1960 = 249
| 1970 = 205
| 1980 = 243
| 1990 = 232
| 2000 = 237
| 2010 = 261
| 2020 = 215
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 237 people in 83 households, including 63 families, in the town.  The population density was {{convert|1,375.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|505.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the town was 94.51% White, 3.38% African American, 1.27% from other races, and 0.84% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.64%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the 83 households 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were married couples living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.9% were non-families. 14.5% of households were one person and 4.8% were one person aged 65 or older.  The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.11.

The age distribution was 27.8% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 7.6% 65 or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median household income was $38,250 and the median family income  was $38,000. Males had a median income of $32,143 versus $27,500 for females. The per capita income for the town was $15,539.  About 10.6% of families and 15.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.7% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those sixty five or over.

