==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1960 = 237
| 1970 = 524
| 1980 = 280
| 1990 = 208
| 2000 = 218
| 2010 = 260
| 2020 = 226
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 222
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 260 people, 95 households, and 66 families residing in the town.  The [[population density]] was 443.0/km{{sup|2}} (1,139.0/mi<sup>2</sup>).  There were 105 housing units at an average density of 213.4/km{{sup|2}} (548.6/mi<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the town was 93.58% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.21% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.38% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 1.83% from two or more races.

There were 95 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,528, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $30,500 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,079.  About 13.3% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.6% of those under the age of 18 and 22.2% of those 65 or over.

