==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 13
|1980= 441
|1990= 166
|2000= 163
|2010= 143
|2020= 161
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br />2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archivedate=May 22, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 163 people, 65 households, and 49 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|259.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 69 housing units at an average density of {{convert|109.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.09% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.68% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 1.23% from two or more races.

There were 65 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.1% were married couples living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.1% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $30,250 versus $13,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $35,714. About 5.9% of families and 11.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of those under the age of 18 and 8.3% of those 65 or over.

