==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 5,025 people, 1,566 households, and 1,130 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|359.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,650 housing units at an average density of {{convert|118.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 85.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.03% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.94% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.34% of the population.{{Citation needed|date=July 2022}}

There were 1,566 households, out of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.14.{{Citation needed|date=July 2022}}

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 34.6% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 118.1 males.{{Citation needed|date=July 2022}}

The median income for a household in the CDP was $70,534, and the median income for a family was $72,348. Males had a median income of $48,807 versus $35,406 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $25,020. About 3.3% of families and 3.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.8% of those under age 18 and 4.7% of those age 65 or over.{{Citation needed|date=July 2022}}

