==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 441
|1930= 262
|1940= 345
|1950= 242
|1960= 228
|1970= 180
|1980= 211
|1990= 120
|2000= 138
|2010= 108
|2020= 87
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 108 people, 48 households, and 26 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|675.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|343.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.93% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.93% of the population.

There were 48 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.8% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the village was 43 years. 17.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.4% male and 54.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 138 people, 60 households, and 37 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|576.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.72% of the population.

There were 60 households, out of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.3% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 22.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $18,438, and the median income for a family was $19,792. Males had a median income of $18,250 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,229. There were 12.1% of families and 22.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including none under 18 and 26.3% of those over 64.

