==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 248
|1910= 801
|1920= 814
|1930= 885
|1940= 1241
|1950= 1554
|1960= 1385
|1970= 1314
|1980= 1321
|1990= 1388
|2000= 1235
|2010= 1392
|2020= 1285
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1307
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 25, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 25, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 12, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,392 people, 619 households, and 319 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|713.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 735 housing units at an average density of {{convert|376.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 84.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 11.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 619 households, of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.5% were non-families. 43.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the city was 40.3 years. 25.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 21.2% were from 45 to 64; and 23.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.3% male and 54.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,235 people, 993 households, and 795 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|674.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 603 housing units at an average density of {{convert|329.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 87.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.73% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 8.99% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.65% of the population.

There were 993 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.7% were non-families. 44.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 28.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $34,408. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,472.  About 13.1% of families and 20.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.0% of those under age 18 and 22.5% of those age 65 or over.

