==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 117
|1970= 148
|1980= 125
|1990= 87
|2000= 157
|2010= 178
|2020= 176
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 178 people, 67 households, and 47 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|395.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|175.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.6% from two or more races.

There were 67 households, of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.9% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age in the city was 36.5 years. 27.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.8% were from 25 to 44; 29.8% were from 45 to 64; and 9.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.6% male and 44.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 157 people, 59 households, and 44 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|472.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|189.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.64% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.27% from two or more races.

There were 59 households, out of which 45.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.4% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the city the population was spread out, with 34.4% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 15.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,833, and the median income for a family was $32,857. Males had a median income of $24,250 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,644. About 15.9% of families and 21.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 44.4% of those 65 or over.

