==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 177
|1880= 127
|1910= 142
|1920= 146
|1930= 91
|1940= 124
|1950= 146
|1960= 169
|1970= 150
|1980= 147
|1990= 163
|2000= 129
|2010= 130
|2020= 110
|estyear=2023
|estimate=107
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 130 people, 54 households, and 36 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1625.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|737.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races.

There were 54 households, of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the village was 35.5 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.6% were from 25 to 44; 23.1% were from 45 to 64; and 16.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 129 people, 43 households, and 39 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,700.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|606.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.78% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.55% of the population.

There were 43 households, out of which 55.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 79.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 7.0% were non-families. 7.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 36.4% from 25 to 44, 17.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 118.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $42,813. Males had a median income of $35,313 versus $24,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,950. There were 7.7% of families and 7.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

