==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1910= 129
|1920= 166
|1930= 119
|1940= 122
|1950= 93
|1960= 122
|1970= 125
|1980= 97
|1990= 79
|2000= 67
|2010= 75
|2020= 52
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 75 people, 29 households, and 20 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|833.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|355.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 29 households, of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.0% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the village was 42.5 years. 18.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.9% were from 25 to 44; 36% were from 45 to 64; and 12% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 56.0% male and 44.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 67 people, 26 households, and 19 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|737.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|341.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 26 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.8% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 17.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 123.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $48,125. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,297. There were 11.1% of families and 12.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

