==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 613
|1930= 575
|1940= 641
|1950= 710
|1960= 724
|1970= 651
|1980= 640
|1990= 519
|2000= 498
|2010= 509
|2020= 530
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 509 people, 234 households, and 138 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|553.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 284 housing units at an average density of {{convert|308.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 87.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 234 households, of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.0% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the town was 47.3 years. 21.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.6% were from 25 to 44; 31.9% were from 45 to 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 498 people, 220 households, and 143 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|418.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 275 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.20% of the population.

There were 220 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 105.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $36,750. Males had a median income of $25,156 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,862. About 7.9% of families and 8.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.5% of those under age 18 and 17.0% of those age 65 or over.

