==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 455
|1870= 556
|1880= 706
|1890= 1664
|1900= 1937
|1910= 2549
|1920= 2973
|1930= 3140
|1940= 3422
|1950= 3332
|1960= 3231
|1970= 3189
|1980= 3116
|1990= 2924
|2000= 2650
|2010= 2542
|2020= 2567
|estyear=2021
|estimate=2548
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021">{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020—2021 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |website=Census.gov |publisher=US Census Bureau |access-date=August 7, 2022}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web |title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012 |url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html |work=Population Estimates |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=December 11, 2013 |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html |archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web |url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42 |title=Census Population API |publisher=United States Census Bureau |accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,650 people, 1,144 [[households]], and 758 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,178.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,254 housing units at an average density of {{convert|557.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[ethnic]] composition of the borough was 99.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.04% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.30% from two or more races. 0.30% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,144 [[households]] of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were not [[nuclear family|nuclear families]]. 30.6% of all households were made up of solitary dwellers of varying ages with 15.9% of those being a person who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 people and the average family size was 2.84 people.

The ages of persons living in the Curwensville borough were widely varied with 22.8% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The [[median]] age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.0 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $27,281, and the median income for a family was $36,197. Males had a median income of $28,145 versus $18,598 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $14,829. 16.0% of the population and 12.8% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 29.0% of those under the age of 18 and 12.7% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

{{Clear}}

