==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 218
|1970= 369
|1980= 587
|1990= 541
|2000= 519
|2010= 516
|2020= 543
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1743133 |access-date=June 28, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 543 people, 140 households, and 107 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|1,388.75|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 227 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|580.56|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.84% of the population.

There were 140 households, out of which 49.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.29% were married couples living together, 17.14% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.57% were non-families. 23.57% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.43% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.35 and the average family size was 2.84.

The village's age distribution consisted of 30.4% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 20.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $63,333, and the median income for a family was $70,804. Males had a median income of $41,000 versus $28,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $23,995. No families and 1.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 8.4% of those age 65 or over.

The rate of college-level education in Liberty is quite a bit lower than the national average among all cities of 14.96%: just 10.26% of people here over 25 have a bachelor's degree or an advanced degree.

The per capita income in Liberty in 2000 was $18,682, which is middle income relative to Illinois and the nation. This equates to an annual income of $74,728 for a family of four.

The people who call Liberty home come from a variety of different races and ancestries. Important ancestries of people in Liberty include German, English, and Irish.

In Liberty, about 62% of adults are married.

Because occupations involving physical labor dominate the local economy, Liberty is generally considered to be a blue-collar town. 35.9% of the Liberty workforce is employed in blue-collar occupations, compared to the national average of 24.7%. Overall, Liberty is a town of sales and office workers, service providers, and professionals. Many people living in Liberty work in office and administrative support jobs (14.82%), sales jobs (8.99%), and farm management (6.91%).{{Citation needed|date=April 2012}}

