==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 130
|1910= 175
|1920= 327
|1930= 406
|1940= 335
|1950= 361
|1960= 293
|1970= 241
|1980= 349
|1990= 308
|2000= 329
|2010= 366
|2020= 318
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 366 people, 140 households, and 104 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|515.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 152 housing units at an average density of {{convert|214.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 85.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 10.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 17.2% of the population.

There were 140 households, of which 40.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.7% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the village was 35.8 years. 30.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.8% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 329 people, 134 households, and 97 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|467.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 145 housing units at an average density of {{convert|206.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.61% of the population.

There were 134 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $36,771, and the median income for a family was $41,346. Males had a median income of $30,179 versus $19,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $22,033. About 6.4% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.3% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

