==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 757
|1900= 696
|1910= 844
|1920= 967
|1930= 1048
|1940= 934
|1950= 897
|1960= 1030
|1970= 1005
|1980= 1091
|1990= 1026
|2000= 1095
|2010= 1024
|2020= 1010
| estimate=1003
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Population sources:<small><br>1890–2000<ref>Barnett, Bob. [http://westjersey.org/popcap_04.htm Population Data for Cape May County Municipalities, 1810 - 2000], WestJersey.org, January 6, 2011. Accessed October 17, 2012.</ref> 1890–1920<ref>[https://dspace.njstatelib.org/xmlui/handle/10929/25218?show=full ''Compendium of censuses 1726-1905: together with the tabulated returns of 1905''], [[New Jersey Department of State]], 1906. Accessed November 11, 2013.</ref> 1890<ref>Porter, Robert Percival. [https://books.google.com/books?id=8gUkQkJdLpsC&pg=PA97 ''Preliminary Results as Contained in the Eleventh Census Bulletins: Volume III - 51 to 75''], p. 97. [[United States Census Bureau]], 1890. Accessed November 11, 2013.</ref><br>1890–1910<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=T9HrAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA336 ''Thirteenth Census of the United States, 1910: Population by Counties and Minor Civil Divisions, 1910, 1900, 1890''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 336. Accessed October 17, 2012.</ref> 1910–1930<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=kifRAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA715 ''Fifteenth Census of the United States: 1930 - Population Volume I''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 715. Accessed October 17, 2012.</ref><br>1940–2000<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref> 2000<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/><br>2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400978530 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 for West Cape May borough, Cape May County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212102049/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400978530 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 17, 2012.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_cap/westcapemay1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for West Cape May borough] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20120506172934/http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_cap/westcapemay1.pdf |date=May 6, 2012 }}, [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed October 17, 2012.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}

===2010 census===

The [[2010 United States census]] counted 1,024 people, 493 households, and 294 families in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|878.8|/sqmi}}. There were 1,043 housing units at an average density of {{convert|895.1|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup was 85.84% (879) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 8.69% (89) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.78% (8) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 0.20% (2) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.13% (32) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 1.37% (14) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 4.98% (51) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 493 households, 14.0% had children under the age of 18; 46.0% were married couples living together; 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present and 40.4% were non-families. Of all households, 36.3% were made up of individuals and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.66.<ref name=Census2010/>

12.8% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 13.5% from 25 to 44, 39.2% from 45 to 64, and 28.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55.0 years. For every 100 females, the population had 93.2 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 88.0 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

The Census Bureau's 2006–2010 [[American Community Survey]] showed that (in 2010 [[inflation adjustment|inflation-adjusted]] dollars) [[median household income]] was $48,281 (with a margin of error of +/− $6,924) and the median family income was $51,394 (+/− $3,176). Males had a median income of $42,361 (+/− $10,529) versus $43,860 (+/− $3,583) for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $34,328 (+/− $4,010). About 8.4% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.0% of those under age 18 and 4.8% of those age 65 or over.<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3400978530 DP03: Selected Economic Characteristics from the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for West Cape May borough, Cape May County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212083835/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3400978530 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 17, 2012.</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,095 people, 507 households, and 302 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|923.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,004 housing units at an average density of {{convert|846.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 84.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.52% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.83% of the population.<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603478530.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for West Cape May borough, New Jersey]{{Dead link|date=March 2020 |bot=InternetArchiveBot |fix-attempted=yes }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 17, 2012.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400978530 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for West Cape May borough, Cape May County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212095218/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400978530 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 17, 2012.</ref>

There were 507 households, out of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.4% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.80.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the borough the population was spread out, with 19.6% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 28.7% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the borough was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $47,031. Males had a median income of $36,375 versus $29,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $25,663. About 4.7% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.3% of those under age 18 and 8.9% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

===African-Americans===
African-Americans have been in West Cape May since the early 1800s. There is a West Cape May African-American Historical Society.<ref>{{cite web|last1=Release |first1=Press |url=https://www.capemaycountyherald.com/community/culture/article_c95efcb4-c256-11e8-815f-634cdf1f814c.html|title=West Cape May African American Historical Society Plans Recognition Ceremony|newspaper=[[Cape May County Herald]]|date=2018-09-27}} - Press release.</ref> Julie Lasky of ''[[The New York Times]]'' wrote that "until recently" the African-American community was "vibrant" but that by 2020 the percentage declined to 5%.<ref>{{cite web|last=Lasky|first=Julie|url=https://www.nytimes.com/2021/06/16/realestate/cape-may-nj-new-yorkers-living.html|title=Cape May, N.J.: Salt Air and Cultural Riches|newspaper=[[The New York Times]]|date=2021-06-16|accessdate=2021-06-16}}</ref>

