==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 398
| 1920 = 482
| 1930 = 379
| 1940 = 412
| 1950 = 313
| 1960 = 321
| 1970 = 390
| 1980 = 481
| 1990 = 476
| 2000 = 515
| 2010 = 501
| 2020 = 460
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 471
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 515 people, 179 households, and 143 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|591.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 213 housing units at an average density of {{convert|244.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 84.66% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.19% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.58% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.39% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 12.82% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.36% from two or more races.  14.76% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 179 households, out of which 39.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.1% were non-families. 16.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 32.2% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,625, and the median income for a family was $32,778. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $17,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,844.  About 8.6% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.4% of those under age 18 and 19.0% of those age 65 or over.

