==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 133
|2020= 164
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Monterey Park Tract first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Monterey Park Tract had a population of 164. The population density was {{convert|3,489.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 53 (32.3%) [[White Americans|White]], 12 (7.3%) [[African Americans|African American]], 4 (2.4%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1 (0.6%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 64 (39.0%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 30 (18.3%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 121 persons (73.8%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Monterey Park Tract CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0648916 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 29, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 45 households, out of which 22 (48.9%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 26 (57.8%) were married-couple households, 4 (8.9%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 9 (20.0%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 6 (13.3%) had a male householder with no partner present. 7 households (15.6%) were one person, and 2 (4.4%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 3.64.<ref name=DP1/> There were 37 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (82.2% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Monterey Park Tract CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0648916 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 29, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 49 people (29.9%) under the age of 18, 26 people (15.9%) aged 18 to 24, 41 people (25.0%) aged 25 to 44, 36 people (22.0%) aged 45 to 64, and 12 people (7.3%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 26.6{{nbsp}}years. There were 79 males and 85 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|957.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 45 (100.0%) were occupied. Of these, 26 (57.8%) were owner-occupied, and 19 (42.2%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

