==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2010 = 218
| 2020 = 255
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 218 people, 127 households, and 66 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|183.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|96.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] (1 person), and 2.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.43% of the population (1 person).

There were 104 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.6% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals{{Clarify|reason=Not sure what this means. It can't mean "individuals living alone" based on the previous percentages.|date=April 2026}}, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.82.

Its age distribution is: 23.5% under the age of 18, 3.5% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 37.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.2 males.

The median income for a household was $30,583, and the median income for a family was $35,156. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $21,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $14,350. About 10.1% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.5% of those 65 or over.

