==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 192
|1930= 272
|1940= 279
|1950= 186
|1960= 157
|1970= 122
|1980= 132
|1990= 111
|2000= 104
|2010= 92
|2020= 89
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|df=}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 92 people, 51 households, and 29 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|242.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|189.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 51 households, of which 13.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.1% were non-families. 39.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.80 and the average family size was 2.34.

The median age in the village was 62 years. 12% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12% were from 25 to 44; 33.7% were from 45 to 64; and 42.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 104 people, 57 households, and 29 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|279.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 69 housing units at an average density of {{convert|185.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 57 households, out of which 19.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 49.1% were non-families. 49.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.82 and the average family size was 2.55.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.2% under the age of 18, 1.0% from 18 to 24, 17.3% from 25 to 44, 36.5% from 45 to 64, and 26.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $25,278, and the median income for a family was $35,500. Males had a median income of $19,583 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,506. There were no families and 11.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 28.1% of those over 64.

