==Demographics==
As of the [[2010 United States Census|Census of 2010]], there were 659 people, 280 households, and 191 families in White Mills. The CDP's population density was {{convert|444|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}, and there were 325 housing units at an average density of {{convert|214|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}.

The racial makeup of the populace was 96.7% [[White American#Current U.S. Census Definition|White]], 1.1% [[African American#Identity|African American]], 1.1% [[Native Americans in the United States#Increased self-identification|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian American|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islands American#Population|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% of [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|other races]], and 0.6% of two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans#Terminology|Hispanics and Latinos]] of all races made up 3.0% of the population.<ref name="Gazetteer"/><ref name="Full Census">{{cite report|author=<!--staff writer(s); no by-line.-->|date=2010|title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data for White Mills, Pennsylvania|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US4284696|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce|access-date=5 June 2015|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213065206/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US4284696|archive-date=13 February 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref>

68.2% of White Mills' households were families, 48.9% were headed by a [[Heterosexuality|heterosexual]] [[Marriage|married couple]] (Pennsylvania did not allow [[same-sex marriage]] until May 20, 2014, after the 2010 Census had been completed), and 28.6% included children under the age of 18. 13.2% of households were headed by a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% by a male householder with no wife present, and 31.8% consisted of non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% consisted of a person 65 years of age or older living alone. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.83.<ref name="Full Census"/>

White Mills' age distribution was 21.1% under the age of 18, 6.8% between the ages of 18 and 24, 21.9% between 25 and 44, 30.7% between 45 and 64, and 19.6% 65 years of age or older. The population's median age was 45.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males in the same age range.<ref>{{cite report|author=<!--staff writer(s); no by-line.-->|date=2010|title=Age Groups and Sex: 2010 Census Summary File 1 for White Mills, Pennsylvania|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/QTP1/1600000US4284696|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce|access-date=1 July 2015|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213044052/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/QTP1/1600000US4284696|archive-date=13 February 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref>

According to [[American Community Survey|American Community Survey (ACS)]] estimates, the median income for a household in White Mills in 2013 was $50,045, and the median income for a family was $49,531. Males had a median income of $34,250, while females had a median income of $18,239. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $27,661. 11.8% of families and 14.0% of people were below the Census Bureau's [[Poverty thresholds (United States Census Bureau)|poverty thresholds]] (different from the federally defined [[Poverty in the United States#Two official measures of poverty|poverty guidelines]]), including 28.1% of those under age 18 and 0.0% of those age 65 or over.<ref>{{cite report|author=<!--staff writer(s); no by-line.-->|date=2013|title=SELECTED ECONOMIC CHARACTERISTICS 2009-2013 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for White Mills, Pennsylvania|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/DP03/1600000US4284696|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce|access-date=5 June 2015|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213045858/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/DP03/1600000US4284696|archive-date=13 February 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref><ref>{{cite report|author=<!--staff writer(s); no by-line.-->|date=2013|title=OCCUPATION BY SEX AND MEDIAN EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2013 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) FOR THE CIVILIAN EMPLOYED POPULATION 16 YEARS AND OVER 2009-2013 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for White Mills, Pennsylvania|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/S2401/1600000US4284696|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce|access-date=5 June 2015|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213100502/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/S2401/1600000US4284696|archive-date=13 February 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref>

According to self-reported [[Race and ethnicity in the United States#Ancestry|ancestry]] figures recorded by the ACS, the five largest ancestral groups in White Mills in 2013 were [[German American|Germans]] (40.3%), [[Irish American|Irish]] (25.9%), [[Italian American|Italians]] (18.1%), [[American ethnicity|Americans]] (12.6%), and [[Polish American|Poles]] (7.5%).<ref>{{cite report|author=<!--staff writer(s); no by-line.-->|date=2013|title=SELECTED SOCIAL CHARACTERISTICS IN THE UNITED STATES 2009-2013 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for White Mills, Pennsylvania|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/DP02/1600000US4284696|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce|access-date=29 June 2015|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213043852/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/DP02/1600000US4284696|archive-date=13 February 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref>

