==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 390
|1920= 454
|1930= 499
|1940= 547
|1950= 556
|1960= 493
|1970= 709
|1980= 651
|1990= 745
|2000= 704
|2010= 753
|2020= 772
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Jefferson racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4536610&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 15, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|477
|61.79%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|245
|31.74%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|2
|0.26%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|13
|1.68%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|23
|2.98%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|12
|1.55%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 772 people, 350 households, and 248 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 704 people, 296 households, and 200 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|394.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 345 housing units at an average density of {{convert|193.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 62.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 34.80% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] and 1.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.09% of the population.

There were 296 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were married couples living together, 19.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,821, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $18,021 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,924. About 19.9% of families and 27.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 47.0% of those under age 18 and 19.4% of those age 65 or over.

