==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 525
|1930= 495
|1940= 546
|1950= 469
|1960= 450
|1970= 434
|1980= 346
|1990= 351
|2000= 351
|2010= 351
|2020= 210
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 351 people, 137 households, and 77 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|501.4|/sqmi}}. There were 290 housing units at an average density of {{convert|414.3|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the village was 70.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 25.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 36.5% of the population.

There were 137 households, out of which 27% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.8% were non-families. 59.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.39.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 8% from 18 to 24, 29% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,083, and the median income for a family was $29,643. Males had a median income of $29,091 versus $27,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,468. About 19.2% of families and 30.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.7 of those under age 18 and 19.4% of those age 65 or over.

