==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 210
|2020= 208
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://webarchive.loc.gov/all/20150112190311/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/searchresults.xhtml?refresh=t 2010 U.S. Census]
}}

As of the census of 2010,<ref name="census"/> there were 210 people, 81 households, and 62 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|755.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|316.5|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 81 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.4% were married couples living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.5% were non-families. 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 24.3% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 19.0% from 25 to 44, 39.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.3 males.

