==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1910= 994
|1920= 603
|1930= 362
|1940= 204
|1950= 334
|1960= 265
|1970= 325
|1980= 322
|1990= 354
|2000= 357
|2010= 408
|2020= 318
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
Purcell is part of the [[Joplin, Missouri]] [[Joplin, Missouri Metropolitan Area|Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 408 people, 142 households, and 108 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|927.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 162 housing units at an average density of {{convert|368.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 142 households, of which 42.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.9% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.87 and the average family size was 3.30.

The median age in the city was 32.6 years. 30.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.3% were from 25 to 44; 22.8% were from 45 to 64; and 9.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 357 people, 131 households, and 102 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|856.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 151 housing units at an average density of {{convert|362.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.56% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.08% of the population.

There were 131 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.1% were non-families. 19.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the city the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 32.5% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,964, and the median income for a family was $36,000. Males had a median income of $24,583 versus $17,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,866. About 4.7% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.6% of those under age 18 and 5.4% of those age 65 or over.

