==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 289
|1860= 267
|1870= 306
|1880= 382
|1900= 256
|1910= 187
|1920= 115
|1930= 108
|1940= 118
|1950= 149
|1960= 136
|1970= 91
|1980= 109
|1990= 86
|2000= 82
|2010= 79
|2020= 69
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 65
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 79 people, 33 households, and 24 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|225.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.5% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.3% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the village was 45.5 years. 16.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.2% were from 25 to 44; 34.2% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 82 people, 39 households, and 24 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|235.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|163.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.22% of the population.

There were 39 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.56.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.3% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 35.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females there were 110.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $22,188. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,224. There were 10.0% of families and 14.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 22.2% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

