==Demographics==
{{anchor|CensusPop}}{{US Census population
|align=right
|1880= 324
|1890= 976
|1900= 1128
|1910= 762
|1920= 944
|1930= 805
|1940= 848
|1950= 680
|1960= 659
|1970= 545
|1980= 675
|1990= 617
|2000= 584
|2010= 485
|2020= 386
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
The [[center of population]] of Kansas is located {{convert|4.5|mi}} north of Strong City at {{Coord|38|27|15|N|96|32|10|W}}.<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/geo/www/cenpop/statecenters.txt |title=Archived copy |access-date=2011-12-10 |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20100223204810/http://www.census.gov/geo/www/cenpop/statecenters.txt |archive-date=2010-02-23 }}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 485 people, 212 households, and 123 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|881.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 256 housing units at an average density of {{convert|465.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 212 households, of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.0% were non-families. 37.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the city was 44.1 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 31% were from 45 to 64; and 16.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 584 people, 247 households, and 163 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,084.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 287 housing units at an average density of {{convert|532.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.03% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.03% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.37% of the population.

There were 247 households, out of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.0% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $30,192, and the median income for a family was $35,833. Males had a median income of $23,523 versus $20,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,807. About 5.8% of families and 14.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.4% of those under age 18 and 13.6% of those age 65 or over.

