==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 1891
|1890= 371
|1900= 203
|1910= 250
|1920= 165
|1930= 228
|1940= 156
|1950= 152
|1960= 94
|1970= 44
|1980= 59
|1990= 53
|2000= 124
|2010= 66
|2020= 72
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 124 [[people]], 47 [[households]], and 35 [[families]] residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|467.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 193 housing units at an average density of {{convert|726.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 87.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.84% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.61% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 20.16% of the population.

There were 47 households, out of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.5% were non-families. 17.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 33.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $49,375, and the median income for a family was $52,083. Males had a median income of $40,313 versus $34,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $39,182. There were no families and 4.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 6.7% of those over 64.-->{{clear left}}

