==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 681
|1950= 726
|1960= 694
|1970= 617
|1980= 566
|1990= 490
|2000= 434
|2010= 417
|2020= 395
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2020, there were 389 people, 173 households, and 112 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|887.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 188 housing units at an average density of {{convert|400.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.0% from two or more races.

There were 173 households, of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the village was 43.7 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 30% were from 45 to 64; and 18% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 434 people, 175 households, and 134 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|998.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 198 housing units at an average density of {{convert|455.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.0% of the population.

There were 175 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.4% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 23.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,300, and the median income for a family was $77,000. Males had a median income of $40,500 versus $17,531 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,382. About 17.1% of families and 23.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.0% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.

