==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1980= 361
|1990= 312
|2000= 337
|2010= 333
|2020= 305
|estyear=2023
|estimate=296
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 333 people, 143 households, and 81 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|391.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 153 housing units at an average density of {{convert|180.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 143 households, of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.4% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the village was 38.8 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 29.7% were from 45 to 64; and 13.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 337 people, 139 households, and 93 families residing in the village.  The [[population density]] was 397.3 people per square mile (153.1/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 148 housing units at an average density of 67.2 persons/km<sup>2</sup> (174.5 persons/sq&nbsp;mi).  The racial makeup of the village was 98.81% White, 0.00% [[African American]], 0.89% [[Native Americans of the United States|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asia]]n, 0.00% Pacific Islander, 0.00% from other races, and 0.30% from two or more races.  1.19% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 139 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% have a woman whose husband does not live with her, and 32.4% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 33.5% from 25 to 44, 16.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,563, and the median income for a family was $43,125. Males had a median income of $32,019 versus $21,964 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,812.  4.3% of the population and 2.0% of families were below the poverty line.  Out of the total people living in poverty, 2.1% are under the age of 18 and 13.0% are 65 or older.

