==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 557
|1890= 461
|1900= 430
|1910= 390
|1920= 325
|1930= 383
|1940= 476
|1950= 594
|1960= 677
|1970= 673
|1980= 777
|1990= 615
|2000= 566
|2010= 648
|2020= 537
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 566 people, 236 households, and 165 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|689.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 254 housing units at an average density of {{convert|309.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.24% of the population.

There were 236 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,375, and the median income for a family was $41,528. Males had a median income of $30,469 versus $22,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,870. About 5.6% of families and 6.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.6% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.

Lyndon is also known as the "Crow Capital of the World", celebrated in the past with a Crow Festival.  The village at one time had an official mascot which was a real life crow, named Rocky the Crow.  Lyndon is the home of Wright's Easter Egg Hunt held in Richmond park. The annual event is one of the largest free small-town Easter Egg hunts in Illinois with 4,000 people attending in 2018.<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://www.kwqc.com/content/news/Wrights-fam-478465163.html|title = Wright's Annual Easter Egg hunts continues to grow every year| date=March 31, 2018 }}</ref>

