==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 418
|1900= 267
|1910= 328
|1920= 559
|1930= 474
|1940= 453
|1950= 474
|1960= 350
|1970= 354
|1980= 349
|1990= 318
|2000= 308
|2010= 318
|2020= 301
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 318 people, 139 households, and 92 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|908.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 166 housing units at an average density of {{convert|474.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 139 households, of which 25.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.8% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the village was 42.8 years. 22% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 23.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 308 people, 140 households, and 88 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|889.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|482.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.90% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.65% of the population.

There were 140 households, out of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 20.1% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 31.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $21,563 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,871. About 5.8% of families and 7.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.0% of those 65 or over.

