==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 165
|1910= 255
|1920= 325
|1930= 313
|1940= 349
|1950= 331
|1960= 313
|1970= 308
|1980= 402
|1990= 358
|2000= 407
|2010= 490
|2020= 484
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 407 people, 162 households, and 117 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|715.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 183 housing units at an average density of {{convert|321.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 85.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 13.02% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.72% of the population.

There were 162 households, out of which 42.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.2% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.7% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $34,583. Males had a median income of $25,227 versus $20,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,268. About 12.1% of families and 15.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.5% of those under age 18 and 24.4% of those age 65 or over.

