==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 167
|1970= 125
|1980= 104
|1990= 61
|2000= 48
|2010= 97
|2020= 95
|estyear=2022
|estimate=88
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 14, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 14, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 29, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 97 people, 46 households, and 23 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|346.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|192.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 46 households, of which 17.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.57.

The median age in the city was 36.5 years. 15.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.9% were from 25 to 44; 34.1% were from 45 to 64; and 6.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 59.8% male and 40.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 48 people, 24 households, and 13 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|169.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 24 households, out of which 20.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.8% were non-families. 41.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.62.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 14.6% under the age of 18, 14.6% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $18,750, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $16,875 versus $14,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,025. There were no families and 5.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

