==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 374
|1920= 557
|1930= 631
|1940= 691
|1950= 741
|1960= 740
|1970= 708
|1980= 677
|1990= 559
|2000= 498
|2010= 382
|2020= 402
|estyear=2022
|estimate=385
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 17, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 17, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 17, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 382 people, 196 households, and 103 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|429.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 253 housing units at an average density of {{convert|284.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 196 households, of which 19.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.4% were non-families. 43.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the city was 49.3 years. 18.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 30.7% were from 45 to 64; and 24.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 498 people, 238 households, and 127 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|564.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 276 housing units at an average density of {{convert|313.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.20% of the population.

There were 238 households, out of which 19.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.6% were non-families. 45.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 31.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.9% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 20.5% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 40.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,636, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $16,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,662. About 9.6% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.2% of those under age 18 and 13.1% of those age 65 or over.

