==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 1528
|1960= 1493
|1970= 1872
|1980= 1537
|1990= 1388
|2000= 1431
|2010= 1363
|2020= 1304
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Charlack city, Missouri – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Charlack city, Missouri|url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US2913330&tid=DECENNIALSF12000.P004|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Charlack city, Missouri |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2913330&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!{{partial|Pop 2020}}<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Charlack city, Missouri |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2913330&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!% 2000
!% 2010
!{{partial|% 2020}}
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|865
|721
|style='background: #ffffe6; |548
|60.45%
|52.90%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |42.02%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|466
|479
|style='background: #ffffe6; |543
|32.56%
|35.14%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |41.64%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|10
|2
|style='background: #ffffe6; |5
|0.70%
|0.15%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.38%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|11
|19
|style='background: #ffffe6; |18
|0.77%
|1.39%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1.38%
|-
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|1
|5
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4
|0.07%
|0.37%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.31%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|42
|39
|style='background: #ffffe6; |75
|2.94%
|2.86%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |5.75%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|36
|98
|style='background: #ffffe6; |111
|2.52%
|7.19%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |8.51%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''1,431'''
|'''1,363'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''1,304'''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 census there were 1,304 people and 648 households living in the city. The racial makeup of the city was 43.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 41.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 7.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.5% of the population.<ref name ="Census 2020"/>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,363 people, 565 households, and 337 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|5242.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 616 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2369.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 55.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 35.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.2% of the population.

There were 565 households, of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.4% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the city was 30.1 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.5% were from 25 to 44; 22.4% were from 45 to 64; and 6.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
{{As of|2000|alt=As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000}}, there were 1,431 people, 572 households, and 364 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|5,463.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 631 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,409.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 61.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 32.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.70% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.77% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.52% of the population.

There were 572 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.2% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 34.4% from 25 to 44, 17.0% from 45 to 64, and 8.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,493, and the median income for a family was $39,412. Males had a median income of $32,604 versus $25,143 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,147. About 9.0% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.1% of those under age 18 and 3.9% of those age 65 or over.

