==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 371
|1920= 252
|1930= 250
|1940= 250
|1950= 233
|1960= 261
|1970= 319
|1980= 296
|1990= 262
|2000= 254
|2010= 247
|2020= 246
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 247 people, 84 households, and 63 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|228.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|95.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 83.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 6.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 17.8% of the population.

There were 84 households, of which 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.0% were non-families. 20.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.94 and the average family size was 3.30.

The median age in the village was 34.2 years. 27.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 25.2% were from 45 to 64; and 11.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 254 people, 87 households, and 66 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|208.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|85.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 88.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.97% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.57% of the population.

There were 87 households, out of which 46.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.1% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 34.3% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 32.7% from 25 to 44, 15.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,083, and the median income for a family was $31,429. Males had a median income of $31,083 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $9,305.  About 25.0% of families and 32.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.3% of those under the age of 18 and none of those ages 65 or older.

