==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 40
|1890= 508
|1900= 856
|1910= 987
|1920= 1022
|1930= 969
|1940= 1020
|1950= 962
|1960= 823
|1970= 735
|1980= 780
|1990= 671
|2000= 605
|2010= 577
|2020= 529
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 23, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 577 people, 263 households, and 135 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|994.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 305 housing units at an average density of {{convert|525.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 263 households, of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.7% were non-families. 44.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the city was 52.2 years. 17% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.8% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 35% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 605 people, 257 households and 149 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,007.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 283 housing units at an average density of {{convert|471.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.17% of the population.

There were 257 households, of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.0% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.92.

Age distribution was 22.3% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 32.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.7 males.

The [[median household income]] was $27,143, and the median family income was $35,385. Males had a median income of $27,031 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,451. About 3.9% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.7% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

