==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 597
|1920= 1374
|1930= 1348
|1940= 1267
|1950= 1412
|1960= 1340
|1970= 1103
|1980= 1078
|1990= 888
|2000= 803
|2010= 747
|2020= 794
|estyear=2022
|estimate=788
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 4, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 4, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 747 people, 330 households, and 211 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|501.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 396 housing units at an average density of {{convert|265.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 330 households, of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.1% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 44.8 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 30.2% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 803 people, 357 households, and 228 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|539.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 434 housing units at an average density of {{convert|291.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.87% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.75% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.12% of the population.

There were 357 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.1% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 26.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,283, and the median income for a family was $30,536. Males had a median income of $24,904 versus $16,818 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,463. About 7.5% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.1% of those under age 18 and 15.4% of those age 65 or over.

