==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 290
|1890= 537
|1900= 510
|1910= 517
|1920= 173
|1930= 159
|1940= 131
|1950= 132
|1960= 203
|1970= 193
|1980= 199
|1990= 185
|2000= 211
|2010= 130
|2020= 115
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 130 people, 51 households, and 37 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|812.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 64 housing units at an average density of {{convert|400.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.5% of the population.

There were 51 households, of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.5% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 38.7 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 10% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 211 people, 74 households, and 56 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,331.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|498.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.42% of the population.

There were 74 households, out of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.3% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 36.0% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $45,469, and the median income for a family was $47,031. Males had a median income of $42,000 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,804. About 3.4% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.4% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

