==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 339
|1920= 360
|1930= 239
|1940= 223
|1950= 214
|1960= 203
|1970= 229
|1980= 224
|1990= 187
|2000= 195
|2010= 123
|2020= 105
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 16, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|accessdate=October 16, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archivedate=October 19, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 123 people, 61 households, and 36 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|292.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|185.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 5.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.3% of the population.

There were 61 households, of which 18.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.0% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the village was 51.5 years. 16.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.6% were from 25 to 44; 33.4% were from 45 to 64; and 27.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.0% male and 48.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 195 people, 78 households, and 57 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|466.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|205.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.15% of the population.

There were 78 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 22.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $22,361 versus $17,344 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,130. About 3.5% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.6% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

