==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1920= 600
|1930= 637
|1940= 884
|1950= 988
|1960= 1170
|1970= 1246
|1980= 1328
|1990= 1157
|2000= 1208
|2010= 1214
|2020= 1129
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 1,214 people, 496 households, and 316 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,068.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 530 housing units at an average density of {{convert|902.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the city was 98.5% [[White American|White]], 0.3% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian]], 0.2% [[African American]], 0.1% from some other race, and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics and Latinos]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.<ref name=Census2010>{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | url = https://www.census.gov | access-date = 2011-07-20}}</ref>

There were 496 households, of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were married couples living together, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 33.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30, and the average family size was 2.93.<ref name=Census2010/>

The median age in the city was 41.7 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.8% were from 25 to 44; 24.6% were from 45 to 64; and 21.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.<ref name=Census2010/>

The median income for a household in the city was $46,125, and the median income for a family was $64,000. Males had a median income of $35,875 versus $26,058 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,636. About 3.2% of families and 4.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.4% of those under age 18 and 6.6% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=Census2010/>

