==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 351
|1970= 386
|1980= 588
|1990= 613
|2000= 847
|2010= 813
|2020= 843
|estyear=2022
|estimate=862
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 13, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 13, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 813 people, 368 households, and 237 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|27.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,055 housing units at an average density of {{convert|35.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 368 households, of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.6% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age in the city was 52.8 years. 18.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.4% were from 25 to 44; 31.2% were from 45 to 64; and 30.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 847 people, 368 households, and 243 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|28.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 876 housing units at an average density of {{convert|29.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.94% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.71% of the population.

There were 368 households, out of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 19.1% from 25 to 44, 29.0% from 45 to 64, and 24.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,276, and the median income for a family was $37,750. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $23,068 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,854.  About 3.9% of families and 7.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.9% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.

