==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 5
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 50 people, 20 households, and 12 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|59.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|26.2|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 68.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 26.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 26.00% of the population.

There were 20 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 40.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.50.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 30.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $19,167, and the median income for a family was $66,250. Males had a median income of $40,750 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,532. Some 21.4% of families and 22.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no one under eighteen and none of those over 64.

