==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 294
|1920= 514
|1930= 370
|1940= 357
|1950= 336
|1960= 297
|1970= 289
|1980= 324
|1990= 348
|2000= 294
|2010= 262
|2020= 258
|estyear=2021
|estimate=256
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=August 21, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 21, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 262 people, 122 households, and 67 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|126.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 194 housing units at an average density of {{convert|93.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 122 households, of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.1% were non-families. 41.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the town was 46.3 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 29.1% were from 45 to 64; and 22.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 294 people, 121 households, and 61 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|140.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 140 housing units at an average density of {{convert|67.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.4% from two or more races.

There were 121 households, of which 30.6% had children under 18 living with them, 38.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.8% were non-families. 47.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.8% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 3.26.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.9% under 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 19.0% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 26.5% who were 65 or older. The median age was 43. For every 100 females, there were 81.5 males. For every 100 females 18 and over, there were 76.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,625, and the median income for a family was $33,958. Males had a median income of $30,313 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $13,386. About 12.7% of families and 19.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of those under 18 and 23.2% of those 65 or over.

