==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 310
|1920= 546
|1930= 513
|1940= 548
|1950= 626
|1960= 551
|1970= 583
|1980= 626
|1990= 559
|2000= 470
|2010= 349
|2020= 392
|estyear=2022
|estimate=380
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 17, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 17, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 15, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 349 people, 190 households, and 95 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|242.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 247 housing units at an average density of {{convert|171.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.{{Citation needed|date=April 2026}}

There were 190 households, of which 16.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 47.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.84 and the average family size was 2.59.

The median age in the city was 52.9 years. 15.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.5% were from 25 to 44; 35.3% were from 45 to 64; and 27.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 470 people, 217 households, and 106 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|326.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 266 housing units at an average density of {{convert|185.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=Zip Code 58254, Mcville, North Dakota {{!}} ZipCode.org |url=https://zipcode.org/58254 |access-date=2026-05-14 |website=zipcode.org}}</ref>

There were 217 households, out of which 20.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.7% were non-families. 49.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.9% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 16.4% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 37.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,818, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $24,531 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,776. About 11.9% of families and 16.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.4% of those under age 18 and 12.3% of those age 65 or over.

