==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 403
|1890= 446
|1900= 476
|1910= 511
|1920= 548
|1930= 431
|1940= 454
|1950= 406
|1960= 447
|1970= 428
|1980= 883
|1990= 800
|2000= 809
|2010= 785
|2020= 637
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1702557 |access-date=June 28, 2022 |website=data.census.gov |archive-date=July 23, 2022 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220723124501/https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1702557 |url-status=live }}</ref> there were 637 people, 421 households, and 299 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|791.30|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 314 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|390.06|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.63% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.78% of the population.

There were 421 households, out of which 47.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.34% were married couples living together, 14.96% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.98% were non-families. 24.47% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.88% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 2.43.

The village's age distribution consisted of 26.2% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.1 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $46,307, and the median income for a family was $56,042. Males had a median income of $36,066 versus $28,173 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,062. About 18.1% of families and 22.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.9% of those under age 18 and 17.4% of those age 65 or over.

