==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 1418
|1980= 1443
|1990= 1507
|2000= 1483
|2010= 1436
|2020= 1382
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,436 people, 608 households, and 373 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|957.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 702 housing units at an average density of {{convert|468.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] residents of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 608 households, of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.7% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 41.7 years. 22.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 35.8% were from 45 to 64; and 10.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,483 people, 592 households, and 406 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|956.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 661 housing units at an average density of {{convert|426.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.01% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.94% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.03% of the population.

There were 592 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city, 29.2% of the population was under the age of 18, 6.3% was from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% was 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,909, and the median income for a family was $50,000. Males had a median income of $40,850 versus $25,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,325.  About 10.9% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.9% of those under age 18 and 11.6% of those age 65 or over.

