==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 483
|1920= 458
|1930= 367
|1940= 357
|1950= 340
|1960= 346
|1970= 523
|1980= 780
|1990= 900
|2000= 1015
|2010= 1069
|2020= 1123
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1130
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,069 people, 446 households, and 321 families lived in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|84.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 775 housing units at an average density of {{convert|61.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 446 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.0% were non-families. 21.3% of all households comprised individuals, and 7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the village was 47.5 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.4% were from 25 to 44; 38.7% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,015 people, 428 households, and 294 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 80.2 people per square mile (31.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 746 housing units at an average density of 58.9 per square mile (22.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.69% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.79% of the population.

There were 428 households, out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 29.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $48,333, and the median income for a family was $59,792. Males had a median income of $41,302 versus $30,156 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $23,665. About 2.1% of families and 5.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.0% of those under age 18 and 4.2% of those age 65 or over.

