==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 504
|1970= 1581
|1980= 1205
|1990= 1587
|2000= 1301
|2010= 1230
|2020= 1370
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,301 people, 554 households, and 335 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,002.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 583 housing units at an average density of {{convert|897.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 61.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 25.98% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 7.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.23% of the population.

There were 554 households, out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.4% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.95.

18% of West Buechel residents identify as having Yugoslavian ancestry, making West Buechel the most Yugoslavian city in the country.{{Citation needed|date=June 2018}}

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 15.4% from 18 to 24, 37.8% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 7.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $35,588. Males had a median income of $22,400 versus $21,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,562. About 14.7% of families and 15.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.5% of those under age 18 and 12.6% of those age 65 or over.

