==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 198
|1920= 258
|1930= 395
|1940= 263
|1950= 339
|1960= 321
|1970= 306
|1980= 355
|1990= 252
|2000= 181
|2010= 162
|2020= 125
|estyear=2022
|estimate=120
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 23, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 23, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 21, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 162 people, 90 households, and 42 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|261.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|183.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 90 households, of which 14.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 53.3% were non-families. 47.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.80 and the average family size was 2.52.

The median age in the city was 56.5 years. 13.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 36.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 181 people, 100 households, and 53 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|294.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 130 housing units at an average density of {{convert|211.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.10% from two or more races.

There were 100 households, out of which 9.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.0% were non-families. 39.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.81 and the average family size was 2.38.

In the city, the population included 11.0% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 14.4% from 25 to 44, 32.0% from 45 to 64, and 38.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 60 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,679, and the median income for a family was $33,333. Males had a median income of $25,208 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,462. About 3.2% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 12.5% of those 65 or over.

