==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 414
|1970= 599
|1980= 524
|1990= 493
|2000= 564
|2010= 595
|2020= 566
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 595 people, 232 households, and 177 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|300.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 302 housing units at an average density of {{convert|152.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 232 households, of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.7% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the village was 50.7 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.3% were from 25 to 44; 37.9% were from 45 to 64; and 22.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 564 people, 208 households, and 178 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 298.4 people per square mile (115.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 246 housing units at an average density of 130.2 per square mile (50.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.89% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.53% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.71% of the population.

There were 208 households, out of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 81.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.4% were non-families. 10.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 37.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $112,760, and the median income for a family was $126,406. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $51,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $81,593. About 3.3% of families and 3.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.5% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

