==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 478 people, 189 households, and 140 families residing in the borough. 
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1880= 657
|1890= 605
|1900= 723
|1910= 590
|1920= 578
|1930= 553
|1940= 521
|1950= 598
|1960= 580
|1970= 528
|1980= 481
|1990= 488
|2000= 478
|2010= 525
|2020= 416
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
The population density was {{convert|293.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 222 housing units at an average density of {{convert|136.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 98.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.21% of the population.

There were 189 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 62.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.9% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 18.8% under the age of eighteen, 7.9% from eighteen to twenty-four, 29.5% from twenty-five to forty-four, 28.9% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 14.9% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was forty-one years.

For every one hundred females there were 108.7 males. For every one hundred females age eighteen and over, there were 112.0 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $33,958, and the median income for a family was $37,917. Males had a median income of $28,409 versus $19,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,409.

Roughly 1.6% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.3% of those who were aged sixty-five or over. None were under the age of eighteen.

