==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 302
|2010= 311
|2000= 347
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="Census 2020"/>
}}
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/map_data_results&state_id=35&place_id=19080&cty_id=|title=Data Center Results}}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 51.90%
|-
| Spoke [[Navajo language|Navajo]] at home || 48.10%
|}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 347 people, 100 households, and 77 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|78.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|25.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.98% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.59% of the population.

There were 100 households, out of which 41.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 27.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.0% were non-families. 21.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.47 and the average family size was 4.10.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 38.0% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 7.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 74.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,722, and the median income for a family was $13,906. Males had a median income of $31,023 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,002. About 54.7% of families and 54.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 63.8% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.

