==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 656
|1920= 900
|1930= 1298
|1940= 1285
|1950= 1198
|1960= 1031
|1970= 957
|1980= 939
|1990= 1014
|2000= 937
|2010= 876
|2020= 717
|estyear=2021
|estimate=710
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010,<ref>{{cite web|title=2010 Census Data|url=https://www.census.gov}}</ref> there were 876 people, 350 households, and 241 families living in the town. There were 384 housing units. The racial makeup of the town was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 350 households, of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 32.6% of all households had individuals under 18 years and 30.0% had someone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population age distribution is 26.3% under the age of 20, 31.8% from 20 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.8 years. 50.8 percent of the population was male and 49.2 female.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,625, and the median income for a family was $44,231. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,710. About 11.0% of the population was below the [[poverty line]], including 14.1% of those under age 18 and 6% of those age 65 or over.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 937 people, 353 households, and 273 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,855.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|inhabitants&nbsp;|inhabitants|}}. There were 388 housing units at an average density of {{convert|768.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.21% of the population.

There were 353 households, out of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.4% were non-families. 21.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the age distribution is 26.6% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $38,462. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $21,719 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,904. About 8.7% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.8% of those under age 18 and 10.1% of those age 65 or over.

