==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 320 people, 116 households, and 83 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,033.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|794.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.94% of the population.

There were 116 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.9% were married couples living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.6 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $26,563, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $29,271 versus $21,364 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $13,815. About 6.1% of families and 17.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.8% of those under age 18 and 29.2% of those age 65 or over.

