==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1763
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-05-14|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,799 people, 696 households, and 529 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|257|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 826 housing units at an average density of 118/sq&nbsp;mi. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 696 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24% were non-families. 19.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 64.4% from 18 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44.6 years.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $44,725, and the median income for a family was $52,933. Males had a median income of $33,051 versus $23,971 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,855. About 1.4% of families and 2.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.5% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

