==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 115
|1970= 81
|1980= 70
|1990= 79
|2000= 69
|2010= 52
|2020= 40
|estyear=2021
|estimate=42
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=July 17, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 17, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 31, 2013 }}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 52 people, 24 households, and 14 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|325.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|175.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.9% from two or more races.

There were 24 households, of which 20.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.7% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the city was 49 years. 15.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.2% were from 25 to 44; 40.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 69 people, 25 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|432.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|175.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 25 households, out of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 16.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.35.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 21.7% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $46,667. Males had a median income of $34,375 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,079. There were no families and 7.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

