==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1890 = 223
| 1900 = 248
| 1910 = 148
| 1920 = 211
| 1930 = 220
| 1940 = 268
| 1950 = 166
| 1960 = 109
| 1970 = 151
| 1980 = 218
| 1990 = 254
| 2000 = 547
| 2010 = 820
| 2020 = 864
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 547 people, 207 households, and 157 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 267.7 people per square mile (103.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 240 housing units at an average density of 117.4 per square mile (45.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 94.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.73% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.01% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.83% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.93% of the population.

There were 207 households, out of which 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.7% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 22.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $34,375 versus $19,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,568. About 4.0% of families and 5.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.6% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear}}

