==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 157
|1910= 189
|1920= 149
|1930= 227
|1940= 197
|1950= 238
|1960= 187
|1970= 179
|1980= 153
|1990= 154
|2000= 115
|2010= 119
|2020= 110
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Macon racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3740540|access-date=March 22, 2022|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|86
|78.18%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|16
|14.55%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.9%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|0
|0.00%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|7
|6.36%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|2
|1.81%
|}

At the 2020 census, there were 110 people, 33 households, and 18 families in the town. The population density was {{convert|234.04|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|114.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

===2010 census===
At the 2010 census, there were 119 people, 52 households, and 38 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|253.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|44.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 101 (84.87%) white, 16 (13.45%) black, 1 (0.84%) Native American, and 1 (0.84%) from two or more races. None of the population was Hispanic or Latino.

There were 52 households, out of which 13 (25%) had children under the age of 18 living with them, 29 (55.8%) were married couples living together, 7 (13.5%) had a female householder with no husband present, 1 (1.9%) was an unmarried opposite-sex couple, and 14 (26.9%) were non-families. 12 (23.1%) of all households were made up of individuals, and 9 (17.3%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29, and the average family size was 2.68.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20 (16.8%) under the age of 18, 8 (6.7%) aged 18 to 24, 18 (15.1%) aged 25 to 44, 52 (43.7%) aged 45 to 64, and 21 (17.6%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.4 males.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 115 people, 45 households, and 34 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|252.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|138.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 81.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 13.04% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.87% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from other races, and 2.61% from two or more races. 1.74% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 45 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were married couples living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.4% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.1% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 30.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,521 and the median income for a family was $55,625. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $22,917 for females. The per capita income for the town was $17,642. 5.7% of the population and 6.5% of families were below the poverty line. Out of the total people living in poverty, none were under the age of 18 and 14.8% were 65 or older.

