==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 1770
|1920= 938
|1930= 491
|1940= 486
|1950= 349
|1960= 262
|1970= 232
|1980= 229
|1990= 226
|2000= 243
|2010= 185
|2020= 154
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 185 people, 81 households, and 49 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|544.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 95 housing units at an average density of {{convert|279.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 81 households, of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.5% were non-families. 38.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 40.1 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 243 people, 100 households, and 73 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|709.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|353.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.47% of the population.

There were 100 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.0% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.1% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,042, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $28,036 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,176. About 8.3% of families and 15.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.3% of those 65 or over.

