==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 260
|1970= 166
|1980= 238
|1990= 326
|2000= 319
|2010= 327
|2020= 283
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 327 people, 150 households, and 68 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|908.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 179 housing units at an average density of {{convert|497.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.61% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.31% [[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.83% of the population.

There were 150 households, of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 23.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 54.7% were non-families. 44.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 3.18.

The median age in the village was 34.7 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.4% were from 25 to 44; 15% were from 45 to 64; and 25.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 319 people, 158 households, and 73 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|894.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|468.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.57% from two or more races.

There were 158 households, out of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 53.2% were non-families. 48.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $15,833, and the median income for a family was $21,250. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $8,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,561. About 30.1% of families and 37.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 59.7% of those under age 18 and 14.8% of those age 65 or over.

