==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 31
|1990= 56
|2000= 29
|2010= 33
|2020= 17
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>{{cbignore}}
}}
Ferry first appeared on the 1940 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. It did not appear again until 1990 when it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2007, there were 28 people, 13 households, and 7 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]]. 3.45% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 13 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 38.5% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 48.3% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 3.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 163.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 175.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $70,000. Males had a median income of $58,750 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,324. There were 16.7% of families and 16.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 35.3% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

