==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 517
|1920= 578
|1930= 634
|1940= 668
|1950= 916
|1960= 797
|1970= 721
|1980= 830
|1990= 792
|2000= 1584
|2010= 1655
|2020= 1242
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015 |archive-date=March 21, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210321050514/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |url-status=live }}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web |url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35 |title=Census Population API |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 12, 2022 |archive-date=May 25, 2023 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20230525062130/https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35 |url-status=live }}</ref>
}}
{{Update inline|section|date=February 2023}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=December 27, 1996 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,584 people, 393 households, and 284 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|277.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 487 housing units at an average density of {{convert|85.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 70.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 14.71% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 50.57% of the population.

Over half the population in 2010 consisted of inmates in the CoreCivic prison on the east side of town, built in 1990.<ref>[http://www.cca.com/facilities/torrance-county-detention-facility Torrance County Detention Facility] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20170820003238/http://www.cca.com/facilities/torrance-county-detention-facility |date=August 20, 2017 }}. Retrieved August 7, 2017.</ref> The corporation has threatened to close the prison before October 2017, saying it will shut down if it cannot be provided with another 300 prisoners to increase its bottom line. It employs 200, and provides a substantial amount of income, $700,000 annually and $300,000 in taxes to the city and county.<ref>[http://www.alternet.org/human-rights/private-prison-demands-new-mexico-and-feds-find-300-more-prisoners-60-days-or-it-will Private prison demands New Mexico and feds find 300 more prisoners within 60 days or it will close] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20170807232751/http://www.alternet.org/human-rights/private-prison-demands-new-mexico-and-feds-find-300-more-prisoners-60-days-or-it-will |date=August 7, 2017 }}, ''[[Alternet]]'', Stephen Rosenfeld, August 1, 2017. Retrieved August 7, 2017.</ref><ref>[http://www.santafenewmexican.com/pasatiempo/books/book_reviews/company-plans-to-close-private-estancia-prison-lay-off/article_1ecd4d0e-caa1-5a05-bab2-1a7270729271.html Company plans to close private Estancia prison, lay off 200] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240529050903/https://www.santafenewmexican.com/pasatiempo/books/book_reviews/company-plans-to-close-private-estancia-prison-lay-off/article_1ecd4d0e-caa1-5a05-bab2-1a7270729271.html |date=May 29, 2024 }}, ''[[The New Mexican]]'', Phaedra Haywood, July 25, 2017. Retrieved August 7, 2017.</ref>

There were 393 households, out of which 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.7% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 40.2% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 186.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 217.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,276, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $26,932 versus $18,214 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,479. About 19.9% of families and 25.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.9% of those under age 18 and 13.9% of those age 65 or over.

