==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 278
|1890= 305
|1900= 290
|1910= 209
|1920= 261
|1930= 260
|1940= 271
|1950= 200
|1960= 161
|1970= 93
|1980= 165
|1990= 183
|2000= 204
|2010= 242
|2020= 245
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title= |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/statcomp/documents/1961-02.pdf |url-status=live |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20250821155258/https://www2.census.gov/prod2/statcomp/documents/1961-02.pdf |archive-date=August 21, 2025 |access-date=October 2, 2025 |website=census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |date=September 29, 1992 |title=1990 Census of Population and Housing: Population and Housing Unit Counts: Utah |url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-46.pdf |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20040401010808/http://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-46.pdf |archive-date=April 1, 2004 |access-date=October 2, 2025 |website=census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite book|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=SMSOrJwVjLIC|title=Census of Population, 1960: Total Population Counts for the U.S., States, Outlying Areas, Counties, Cities, Standard Metropolitan Statistical Areas, Urban and Rural, Etc. Characteristics of the population. Number of inhabitants|date=January 1, 1961|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census|language=en}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 204 people, 64 households, and 49 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 421.2 people per square mile (164.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 73 housing units at an average density of 150.7 per square mile (58.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 91.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.96% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.41% of the population.

There were 64 households, out of which 46.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.9% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years or older. The average household size was 3.19, and the average family size was 3.78.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 36.8% under 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 19.6% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.1 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 92.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $36,500. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $17,459. About 4.8% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.7% of those under eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

