==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 209
|1920= 271
|1930= 386
|1940= 369
|1950= 552
|1960= 568
|1970= 671
|1980= 615
|1990= 522
|2000= 511
|2010= 406
|2020= 379
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 406 people, 187 households, and 111 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1309.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 221 housing units at an average density of {{convert|712.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 187 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.6% were non-families. 39.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the town was 50.7 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.7% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 32.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.6% male and 54.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 511 people, 213 households, and 145 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,683.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 245 housing units at an average density of {{convert|807.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.39% of the population.

There were 213 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 27.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,942, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $25,250 versus $14,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,809. About 8.8% of families and 15.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.6% of those under age 18 and 21.1% of those age 65 or over.

