==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 675
|1930= 793
|1940= 504
|1950= 684
|1960= 604
|1970= 535
|1980= 604
|1990= 468
|2000= 521
|2010= 356
|2020= 225
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="U.S. Decennial Census">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Akron first appeared on the 1920 U.S. Census as an incorporated town.<ref>{{cite web |author1=Bureau of the Census |title=Fourteenth Census of the United States - State Compendium - Alabama |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/06229686v1-7ch01.pdf |date=1920}}</ref> It was also the same name as its precinct/census division, which preceded it in reporting on the census since 1900 (See Akron Precinct below).

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|+''' Akron town, Alabama  – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Akron town, Alabama|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US0100676&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Akron town, Alabama|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US0100676&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|46
|19
|12.92%
|8.44%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|308
|199
|86.52%
|88.44%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|0
|2
|0.00%
|0.89%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Some Other Race]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed Race or Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|1
|4
|0.28%
|1.78%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|1
|1
|0.28%
|0.44%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''356'''
|'''225'''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|}

As of the 2010 Census Akron had a population of 356.  The racial and ethnic composition of the population was 86.5% black or African American, 13.2% white, 0.3% reporting two or more races and 0.3% Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref>2010 census report on race and Hispanic or Latino by place]</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 521 people, 207 households, and 142 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|939.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 239 housing units at an average density of {{convert|430.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 17.85% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 81.00% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 1.15% from two or more races. 1.54% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 207 households, out of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 30.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.4% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 68.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,875, and the median income for a family was $21,250. Males had a median income of $22,396 versus $18,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,929. About 37.1% of families and 40.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 60.2% of those under age 18 and 32.7% of those age 65 or over.

