==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 560
|1940= 574
|1950= 600
|1960= 702
|1970= 780
|1980= 677
|1990= 657
|2000= 859
|2010= 919
|2020= 924
| estimate=914
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Population sources:<small>1930<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=kifRAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA718 ''Fifteenth Census of the United States : 1930 - Population Volume I''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 718. Accessed August 25, 2012.</ref><br>1940–2000<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref><br>2000<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/> 2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3403522890 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 for Far Hills borough, Somerset County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212135344/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3403522890 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed August 25, 2012.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_som/farhills1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Far Hills borough] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130724005159/http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_som/farhills1.pdf |date=2013-07-24 }}, [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed August 25, 2012.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}

===2010 census===
The [[2010 United States census]] counted 919 people, 376 households, and 259 families in the borough. The [[population density]] was 191.6 per square mile (74.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 418 housing units at an average density of 87.1 per square mile (33.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup was 95.32% (876) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 0.65% (6) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.00% (0) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 1.85% (17) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.54% (5) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 1.63% (15) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 9.58% (88) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 376 households, 29.5% had children under the age of 18; 58.2% were married couples living together; 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present and 31.1% were non-families. Of all households, 28.5% were made up of individuals and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.02.<ref name=Census2010/>

24.0% of the population were under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 19.7% from 25 to 44, 35.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45.5 years. For every 100 females, the population had 93.5 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 96.6 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

The Census Bureau's 2006–2010 [[American Community Survey]] showed that (in 2010 [[inflation adjustment|inflation-adjusted]] dollars) [[median household income]] was $125,833 (with a margin of error of +/− $29,841) and the median family income was $202,083 (+/− $85,006). Males had a median income of $177,083 (+/− $60,611) versus $76,250 (+/− $38,263) for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $93,495 (+/− $19,515). About 3.6% of families and 3.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.3% of those under age 18 and 4.8% of those age 65 or over.<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3403522890 DP03: Selected Economic Characteristics from the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Far Hills borough, Somerset County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212083704/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3403522890 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed August 25, 2012.</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 859 people, 368 households, and 253 families. The population density was {{convert|176.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 386 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 96.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.61% of the population.<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603422890.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Far Hills borough, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150202011126/http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603422890.pdf |date=2015-02-02 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed August 25, 2012.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3403522890 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Far Hills borough, Somerset County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212093704/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3403522890 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed August 25, 2012.</ref>

There were 368 households, out of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.76.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The population was spread out, with 18.4% under the age of 18, 3.5% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 32.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household was $112,817, and the median income for a family was $149,095. Males had a median income of $90,000 versus $46,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $81,535. About 0.8% of families and 2.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.8% of those under age 18 and 1.2% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

