==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 325
|1920= 365
|1930= 440
|1940= 509
|1950= 441
|1960= 526
|1970= 534
|1980= 490
|1990= 341
|2000= 264
|2010= 236
|2020= 175
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 236 people, 130 households, and 63 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|38.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 181 housing units at an average density of {{convert|29.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 130 households, of which 13.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 51.5% were non-families. 42.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.82 and the average family size was 2.43.

The median age in the city was 53.8 years. 11.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.2% were from 25 to 44; 44% were from 45 to 64; and 23.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.0% male and 47.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 264 people, 134 households, and 73 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|43.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 191 housing units at an average density of {{convert|31.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.14% from two or more races.

There were 134 households, out of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.8% were non-families. 41.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.61.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.7% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,458, and the median income for a family was $28,125. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $17,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,528.  About 12.0% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.3% of those 65 or over.

