==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 484
|1920= 655
|1930= 556
|1940= 606
|1950= 682
|1960= 719
|1970= 738
|1980= 761
|1990= 751
|2000= 679
|2010= 559
|2020= 560
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

Rather unusually for rural southwestern Minnesota, a high percentage of Ivanhoe's residents are of [[Poland|Polish]] ancestry.<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://statisticalatlas.com/place/Minnesota/Ivanhoe/Ancestry|title=The Demographic Statistical Atlas of the United States - Statistical Atlas}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web|url=http://ivn.stparchive.com/Archive/IVN/IVN08042011P06.php|title = Ivanhoe Times, August 4, 2011, Page 4}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 559 people, 268 households, and 144 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|635.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 317 housing units at an average density of {{convert|360.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 268 households, of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.3% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.99 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the city was 49.5 years.18.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 28.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.9% male and 55.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 679 people, 310 households, and 172 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|745.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 341 housing units at an average density of {{convert|374.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.29% of the population.

There were 310 households, of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.2% were non-families. 41.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 29.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.8 males.

The median income for a household was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $40,491. Males had a median income of $27,946 versus $21,389 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $17,775. About 4.6% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.0% of those under age 18 and 21.8% of those age 65 or over.

