==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 28
| 1920 = 545
| 1930 = 470
| 1940 = 520
| 1950 = 452
| 1960 = 488
| 1970 = 503
| 1980 = 642
| 1990 = 576
| 2000 = 597
| 2010 = 664
| 2020 = 637
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 664 people, 263 households, and 175 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|651.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 277 housing units at an average density of {{convert|271.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.2% from two or more races.

There were 263 households, of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.5% were non-families. 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the village was 35.8 years. 27.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.5% were from 25 to 44; 22.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 597 people, 252 households, and 161 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 581.5 people per square mile (223.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 262 housing units at an average density of 255.2 per square mile (98.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.34% of the population.

There were 252 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.1% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,417, and the median income for a family was $41,477. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $19,265 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,647. About 2.5% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.6% of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those age 65 or over.

