==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 468
|1860n=<ref name="MI-Gazetteer-1863">{{cite book |last1=Clark |first1=Charles F. |title=Michigan State Gazetteer and Business Directory for 1863--4 |edition=Second |date=1863 |publisher=Charles F. Clark |location=Detroit |page=98 |url=https://books.google.com/books?id=-CELAAAAIAAJ&pg=PA98 |access-date=January 28, 2022}}</ref>
|1870= 724
|1880= 877
|1890= 790
|1900= 768
|1910= 845
|1920= 750
|1930= 729
|1940= 849
|1950= 885
|1960= 1081
|1970= 1223
|1980= 1421
|1990= 1461
|2000= 1326
|2010= 1325
|2020= 1376
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,325 people, 573 households, and 339 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1152.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 616 housing units at an average density of {{convert|535.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 573 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.8% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the village was 37.2 years. 28% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 15.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,326 people, 568 households, and 348 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|1,142.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 589 housing units at an average density of {{convert|507.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 98.11% White, 0.08% African American, 0.08% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.08% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.68% from other races, and 0.68% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.36% of the population.

There were 568 households, out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were married couples living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,350, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $35,221 versus $24,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,867.  About 5.9% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of those under age 18 and 17.4% of those age 65 or over.

