==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1870
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |accessdate=June 4, 2016 |archive-date=September 19, 2018 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20180919115202/https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html |url-status=live }}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 1,870 people, 723 households, and 568 families in Hope Valley. The population density was {{convert|562.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 787 housing units at an average density of {{convert|236.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}.<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Hope%20Valley%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20dp1 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=December 30, 2023 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 91.6% (1,713) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (91.07% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.64% (12) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.43% (8) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.86% (16) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 1.5% (28) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.97% (93) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Hope%20Valley%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 2.57% (48) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Hope%20Valley%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 723 households, 33.1% had children under the age of 18; 53.3% were married couples living together; 21.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 25.4% of households consisted of individuals and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.8 and the average family size was 2.9.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Hope%20Valley%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 14.2% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Hope%20Valley%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

21.9% of the population was under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 32.7% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44.0 years. For every 100 females, the population had 93.0 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 90.4 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $83,267 (with a margin of error of +/- $24,047) and the median family income was $84,009 (+/- $18,961). Males had a median income of $44,886 (+/- $22,899) versus $19,105 (+/- $7,789) for females.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Hope%20Valley%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The median income for those above 16 years old was $30,526 (+/- $14,446).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Hope%20Valley%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 18.7% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.3% of those under the age of 18 and 0.0% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Hope%20Valley%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Hope%20Valley%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,649 people, 630 households, and 464 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|192.9|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 663 housing units at an average density of {{convert|77.6|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.73% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.97% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.97% from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.67% of the population.

There were 630 households, out of which 39.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 9.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $43,264, and the median income for a family was $47,857. Males had a median income of $33,462 versus $28,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,925. About 2.9% of families and 3.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.7% of those under the age of 18 and 5.7% of those 65 and older.

