==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 133
|1920= 148
|1930= 130
|1940= 174
|1950= 169
|1960= 141
|1970= 222
|1980= 188
|1990= 156
|2000= 160
|2010= 198
|2020= 230
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 160 people, 70 households, and 42 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|483.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|235.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 86.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.62% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.00% of the population.

There were 70 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $30,417. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $19,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,942. About 18.9% of families and 20.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 33.3% of those 65 or over.

