==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 505
|1930= 441
|1940= 413
|1950= 431
|1960= 503
|1970= 525
|1980= 538
|1990= 421
|2000= 461
|2010= 402
|2020= 349
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 402 people, 160 households, and 105 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|427.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 182 housing units at an average density of {{convert|193.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.2% of the population.

There were 160 households, of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.4% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the village was 34.8 years. 27.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.2% were from 25 to 44; 21.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 461 people, 173 households, and 125 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|483.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 188 housing units at an average density of {{convert|197.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 97.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.43% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.07% of the population.

There were 173 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.7% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,208, and the median income for a family was $35,313. Males had a median income of $31,806 versus $23,295 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,570.  About 12.2% of families and 17.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

