==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 86
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 95 people, 42 households, and 34 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|57.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of 25.5/sq&nbsp;mi (9.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.47% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 1.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 42 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.7% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.49.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 16.8% under the age of 18, 2.1% from 18 to 24, 18.9% from 25 to 44, 32.6% from 45 to 64, and 29.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $50,714, and the median income for a family was $52,500. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $25,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $23,379. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

