==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,048 people, 389 households, and 299 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|890.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 407 housing units at an average density of {{convert|345.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.95% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.48% of the population.

There were 389 households, out of which 39.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.1% were non-families. 17.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 32.5% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 6.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $64,844, and the median income for a family was $73,125. Males had a median income of $50,903 versus $39,297 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,127.  None of the families and 0.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

