==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 428
|1900= 659
|1910= 627
|1920= 666
|1930= 646
|1940= 612
|1950= 672
|1960= 720
|1970= 915
|1980= 890
|1990= 879
|2000= 933
|2010= 998
|2020= 1004
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 998 people, 369 households, and 264 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|988.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 434 housing units at an average density of {{convert|429.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 369 households, of which 40.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.5% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.21.

The median age in the town was 33.8 years. 29.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.1% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 10.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 933 people, 350 households, and 249 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|910.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 365 housing units at an average density of {{convert|356.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.75% of the population.

There were 350 households, out of which 41.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.0% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 9.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,833, and the median income for a family was $36,458. Males had a median income of $30,705 versus $21,902 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,974. About 9.1% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.9% of those under age 18 and 9.9% of those age 65 or over.

