==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 181
|1970= 269
|1980= 344
|1990= 413
|2000= 504
|2010= 521
|2020= 522
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Sunfish Lake is one of the wealthiest towns in America. The median home price in the city is over one million dollars.<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.axios.com/local/twin-cities/2022/02/17/minnesota-most-expensive-cities-minnetonka-beach|title=A look at the Twin Cities metro's million-dollar towns|date=17 February 2022}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 521 people, 183 households, and 158 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|342.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 194 housing units at an average density of {{convert|127.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.8% of the population.

There were 183 households, of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 13.7% were non-families. 12.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the city was 48 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.5% were from 25 to 44; 38.7% were from 45 to 64; and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 504 people, 173 households, and 147 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|319.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 178 housing units at an average density of {{convert|112.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.58% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.78% of the population.

There were 173 households, out of which 42.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.0% were non-families. 13.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.91 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.0% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 19.2% from 25 to 44, 32.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $148,410, and the median income for a family was $161,491.  Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $55,714 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $82,347.  About 0.7% of families and 2.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.4% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.

