==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 100
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 130 people, 51 households, and 41 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|45.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of 20.8/sq&nbsp;mi (8.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 83.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 15.38% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.77% from two or more races.

There were 51 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.6% were non-families. 13.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 28.5% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $42,885, and the median income for a family was $32,083. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,498. There were 17.4% of families and 18.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 46.2% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

