==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 1175
|1990= 1283
|2000= 1582
|2010= 1569
|2020= 1483
|footnote=Population sources:<br> 1950<ref name=CensusNJ1950CDP>{{Cite web|title= 1950 Census of Population - Number of Inhabitants - New Jersey |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1950/population-volume-2/23024255v2p30ch1.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20250323234824/https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1950/population-volume-2/23024255v2p30ch1.pdf| archive-date=March 23, 2025}}</ref> 1960<ref name=CensusNJ1960CDP>{{Cite web|title= 1960 Census of Population - Number of Inhabitants - New Jersey |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1960/population-volume-1/21260894v1p32ch2.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|archive-url= https://web.archive.org/web/20250322203807/https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1960/population-volume-1/21260894v1p32ch2.pdf| archive-date=March 22, 2025}}</ref> 1970<ref name=CensusNJ1970CDP>{{Cite web|title= 1970 Census of Population - Charecteristics of the Population - New Jersey |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1970a_nj1-01.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|archive-url= https://web.archive.org/web/20250413231101/https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1970a_nj1-01.pdf| archive-date=April 13, 2025}}</ref><br> 1980<ref name=CensusNJ1980CDP>{{Cite web|title= 1980 Census of Population - Volume 1 - Characteristics of the Population - Number of Inhabitants - New Jersey|url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1980a_njAB-01.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|archive-url= https://web.archive.org/web/20250208034839/https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1980a_njAB-01.pdf| archive-date=February 8, 2025}}</ref><ref>Staff. [https://books.google.com/books?id=1AVxMztHPuoC&pg=PA50 ''1980 Census of Population: Number of Inhabitants United States Summary''], p. 1-141. [[United States Census Bureau]], June 1983. Accessed June 28, 2015.</ref> 1990<ref name=CensusNJ1990CDP>{{Cite web|title= 1990 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - New Jersey|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1990/cph-2/cph-2-32.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|archive-url= https://web.archive.org/web/20250323205725/https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1990/cph-2/cph-2-32.pdf| archive-date=March 23, 2025}}</ref> 2000<ref name=CensusNJ2000CDP>{{Cite web|title=2000 Census of Population and Housing - Population and Housing Unit Counts - New Jersey |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20250326080925/https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-32.pdf| archive-date=March 26, 2025}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=CensusNJ2010CDP>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - New Jersey |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-32.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20251111220031/https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-32.pdf| archive-date=November 11, 2025}}</ref> 2020<ref name=Census2020>{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A34|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 11, 2022}}</ref>
}}

Waretown first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[1980 U.S. census]].<ref name=CensusNJ1980CDP/>

===2010 census===

The [[2010 United States census]] counted 1,569 people, 644 households, and 458 families in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1745.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 836 housing units at an average density of {{convert|930.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup was 97.77% (1,534) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 0.45% (7) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.00% (0) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 0.51% (8) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.06% (1) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.25% (4) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 0.96% (15) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 2.36% (37) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 644 households, 23.3% had children under the age of 18; 56.2% were married couples living together; 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present and 28.9% were non-families. Of all households, 23.0% were made up of individuals and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.89.<ref name=Census2010/>

17.7% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 31.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45.4 years. For every 100 females, the population had 98.9 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 96.8 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

The Census Bureau's 2006-2010 [[American Community Survey]] showed that (in 2010 [[inflation adjustment|inflation-adjusted]] dollars) [[median household income]] was $78,750 (with a margin of error of +/- $4,931) and the median family income was $85,043 (+/- $13,392). Males had a median income of $53,438 (+/- $21,536) versus $31,172 (+/- $19,721) for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $45,330 (+/- $18,923). About none of families and 4.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.7% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/1600000US3476820 DP03: Selected Economic Characteristics from the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Waretown CDP, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212084809/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/1600000US3476820 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed May 2, 2012.</ref>

===2000 Census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,582 people, 641 households, and 439 families living in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|656.8|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 791 housing units at an average density of {{convert|328.4|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.44% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.28% of the population.<ref name=Census2000>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/1600000US3476820 DP-1 - Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 from the Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Waretown CDP, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212103404/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/1600000US3476820 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed January 11, 2013.</ref>

There were 641 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.5% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.98.<ref name=CensusArea/>

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.<ref name=CensusArea/>

The median income for a household in the CDP was $44,410, and the median income for a family was $56,429. Males had a median income of $35,547 versus $26,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,061. About 1.7% of families and 5.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.1% of those under age 18 and 8.2% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=CensusArea/>

