==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 169
|1960= 166
|1970= 134
|1980= 165
|1990= 161
|2000= 157
|2010= 108
|2020= 118
|estyear=2022
|estimate=115
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 23, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 23, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 20, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 108 people, 56 households, and 29 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|635.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 64 housing units at an average density of {{convert|376.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 56 households, of which 10.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.2% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.62.

The median age in the city was 49.3 years. 13% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.6% were from 25 to 44; 37.1% were from 45 to 64; and 25.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 59.3% male and 40.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 157 people, 66 households, and 44 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|937.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|454.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 66 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 33.8% from 25 to 44, 14.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 137.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 127.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,000, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $27,679 versus $20,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,507. About 14.6% of families and 18.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.1% of those 65 or over.

