==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 693
|1920= 633
|1930= 660
|1940= 661
|1950= 770
|1960= 780
|1970= 733
|1980= 685
|1990= 680
|2000= 674
|2010= 602
|2020= 595
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=May 30, 2015|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 602 people, 243 households, and 147 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,006.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 243 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.5% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 20, 8.0% from 20 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 27.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.1 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $44,688, and the median income for a family was $71,875. Males had a median income of $45,208 versus $37,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $23,402. About 14.5% of families and 20.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.5% of those under age 18 and 15.5% of those age 65 or over.

===Housing===
There were 289 housing units at an average density of {{convert|963.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. 15.9% of housing units were vacant.

There were 243 occupied housing units in the village. 165 were owner-occupied units (67.9%), while 78 were renter-occupied (32.1%). The homeowner vacancy rate was 4.0% of total units. The rental unit vacancy rate was 11.4%.<ref name="GR2" />

===Police Department===
The Interlaken Village Police Department is one of the oldest Village police departments in New York State. It is the municipal law-enforcement agency serving the Village of Interlaken in Seneca County, New York, United States. The department traces its origins to the village’s incorporation in 1904, when Interlaken—formerly known as Farmer Village—established local governance structures that would have included peace officers such as constables or marshals typical of New York villages in the early twentieth century.

Early history

Prior to incorporation, law enforcement in the rural community was likely carried out by local constables or county authorities. However, Interlaken’s history shows that a police organization existed as early as 1890, based on records from local newspapers. This aligns with common practice in New York State villages, where informal or locally organized law enforcement often preceded the establishment of formal municipal police departments.

Following incorporation in 1904, Interlaken gained the authority to appoint village officials responsible for maintaining public order, thereby forming the institutional foundation of what would become the modern Village Police Department.

Development

Throughout the twentieth century, small New York villages such as Interlaken typically maintained part-time or small-force police services, often working in coordination with the Seneca County Sheriff’s Office and New York State Police for broader enforcement and emergency response. This cooperative model reflects the limited population and geographic scale of the village.

Present role

Today, the Interlaken Village Police Department continues to provide local patrol, public safety, and community-oriented policing services within village boundaries while collaborating with county and state agencies for major incidents, investigations, and specialized services.

