==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 273
|1900= 494
|1910= 549
|1920= 550
|1930= 686
|1940= 741
|1950= 788
|1960= 815
|1970= 888
|1980= 861
|1990= 745
|2000= 766
|2010= 780
|2020= 716
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 780 people, 359 households, and 192 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1625.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 394 housing units at an average density of {{convert|820.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 359 households, of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.5% were non-families. 39.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the city was 49.6 years. 19.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 23.2% were from 45 to 64; and 31.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 766 people, 337 households, and 199 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,618.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 365 housing units at an average density of {{convert|771.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.65% of the population.

There were 337 households, out of which 20.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.9% were non-families. 37.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.1% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 18.8% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 35.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,228, and the median income for a family was $35,227. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $16,442 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,496.  About 8.5% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.6% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.

