==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 107
|1860= 156
|1870= 165
|1900= 212
|1910= 169
|1920= 133
|1930= 138
|1940= 145
|1950= 112
|1960= 110
|1970= 112
|1980= 113
|1990= 68
|2000= 89
|2010= 86
|2020= 71
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 74
|estref= <ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref><ref name="Census 2010">{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (DP-1): Antioch village, Ohio |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=May 31, 2012 }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 86 people, 33 households, and 21 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|781.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|400.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.2% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age in the village was 42.5 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 34.9% were from 45 to 64; and 11.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 89 people, 34 households, and 26 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|859.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|415.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.37% of the population.

There were 34 households, out of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 20.6% were non-families. 17.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 71.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,313, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $20,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,547. There were 3.8% of families and 10.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 5.6% of under eighteens and 31.8% of those over 64.

