==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 428
|1880= 730
|1890= 721
|1900= 632
|1910= 639
|1920= 645
|1930= 679
|1940= 718
|1950= 767
|1960= 838
|1970= 772
|1980= 779
|1990= 722
|2000= 743
|2010= 659
|2020= 649
|estyear=2021
|estimate=643
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 743 people, 298 households, and 211 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|896.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 330 housing units at an average density of {{convert|398.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 99.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.13% of the population.

There were 298 households, out of which 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.9% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 85.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $34,231, and the median income for a family was $38,958. Males had a median income of $32,159 versus $19,712 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,460. About 12.7% of families and 16.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.0% of those under age 18 and 11.6% of those age 65 or over.

