==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 199
|1890= 257
|1900= 238
|1910= 252
|1920= 218
|1930= 189
|1940= 215
|1950= 264
|1960= 228
|1970= 234
|1980= 240
|1990= 213
|2000= 185
|2010= 237
|2020= 222
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 237 people, 97 households, and 62 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1316.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|611.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races.

There were 97 households, of which 37.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.1% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the village was 37.6 years. 27.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 185 people, 76 households, and 56 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,026.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|449.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 76 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,625, and the median income for a family was $34,750. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $20,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,375. About 21.6% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 28.6% of those 65 or over.

