==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 40
|2000= 77
|2010= 90
|2020= 87
|estyear=2022
|estimate=86
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 14, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 14, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 24, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 90 people, 32 households, and 24 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1125.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|425.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 32 households, of which 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.0% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.17.

The median age in the city was 31.3 years. 32.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 5.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.4% male and 45.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 77 people, 27 households, and 19 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|980.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|369.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 27 households, out of which 40.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.6% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.47.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.2% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 41.6% from 25 to 44, 10.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $53,333, and the median income for a family was $60,000. Males had a median income of $32,292 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,024. There were no families and 1.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no one under 18 and 20.0% of those over 64.

