==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 157
|1940= 119
|1950= 36
|1960= 46
|1980= 80
|1990= 33
|2000= 30
|2010= 41
|2020= 38
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 41 people, 19 households, and 13 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|455.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 21 housing units at an average density of {{convert|233.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 75.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 19.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 19 households, of which 15.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 31.6% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.62.

The median age in the village was 55.5 years. 14.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17% were from 25 to 44; 21.9% were from 45 to 64; and 43.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.7% male and 46.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 30 people, 16 households, and 11 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|319.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 17 housing units at an average density of {{convert|181.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 3.33% from two or more races.

There were 16 households, out of which 6.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.88 and the average family size was 2.27.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 6.7% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 26.7% from 45 to 64, and 36.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $40,000, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $22,977. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

