==Demographics==
As of the census of 2000, there were 2,851 people and 1,312 households residing in the Danbury [[Zip Code Tabulation Area|ZCTA]]. The racial makeup of the ZCTA was 91.1% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]], 0.4% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Black]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|African American]], 6.1% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Native American]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Alaska Native]], 0.1% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Asian]], and 2.1% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|two or more races]]. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 1,312 households, out of which 15.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were married couples living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9.3% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.57.

3.5% of the total population was under 5 years of age, 83.5% were 18 years and over, and 26.4% are 65 years and over.
 
The [[median household income]] in the ZCTA was $32,219, and the median income for a family was $37,845. Males had a median income of $31,133 versus $18,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the ZCTA was $17,596. About 5.4% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.8% of individuals.

