==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 574
|1910= 620
|1920= 602
|1930= 394
|1940= 396
|1950= 374
|1960= 393
|1970= 427
|1980= 532
|1990= 536
|2000= 466
|2010= 509
|2020= 519
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]], there were 466 people, 188 households and 140 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|535.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 197 housing units at an average density of {{convert|226.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial make-up of the village was 98.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.43% of the population.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=July 9, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref>

There were 188 households, of which 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present and 25.5% were non-families. 21.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.85.

23.0% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 32.2% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64 and 10.3% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.4 males.

The [[median household income]] was $51,250 and the median family income was $59,375. Males had a median income of $31,719 and females $27,396. The [[per capita income]] was $19,686. About 4.2% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.2% of those under age 18 and 23.4% of those age 65 or over.

