==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 248
|1890= 329
|1900= 293
|1910= 345
|1920= 316
|1930= 257
|1940= 250
|1950= 263
|1960= 246
|1970= 277
|1980= 254
|1990= 209
|2000= 208
|2010= 179
|2020= 178
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 178
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{same}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 179 people, 73 households, and 45 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|716.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|332.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.1% of the population.

There were 73 households, of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.4% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the village was 32.2 years. 25.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 33.5% were from 25 to 44; 22.8% were from 45 to 64; and 10.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.0% male and 48.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 208 people, 72 households, and 58 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|830.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|291.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.37% of the population.

There were 72 households, out of which 40.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.4% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 11.5% from 18 to 24, 33.2% from 25 to 44, 16.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 89.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,813, and the median income for a family was $39,583. Males had a median income of $32,083 versus $21,964 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,508. About 8.3% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 16.7% of those 65 or over.

