==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= right
|1880|519
|1890|509
|1900|616
|1910|588
|1920|923
|1930|814
|1940|747
|1950|641
|1960|572
|1970|509
|1980|528
|1990|479
|2000|421
|2010|375
|2020|429
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 429 people, 208 households, and 110 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 231.1 inhabitants per square mile (89.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 255 housing units at an average density of 137.4 per square mile (53.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 95.1% [[White Americans|White]], 0.5% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.5% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from other races and 3.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.5% of the population.

Of the 208 households, 22.1% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% were cohabitating couples, 24.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 25.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 47.1% of all households were non-families. 42.3% of all households were made up of individuals, 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 45.6 years. 20.3% of the residents were under the age of 20; 6.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 and 44; 29.6% were from 45 and 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.7% male and 48.3% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 375 people, 182 households, and 104 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|215.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 216 housing units at an average density of {{convert|124.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 182 households, of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.60.

The median age in the city was 46.6 years. 19.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 30.2% were from 45 to 64; and 20.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 421 people, 194 households, and 108 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|345.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 222 housing units at an average density of {{convert|182.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.95% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.71% of the population.

There were 194 households, out of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.3% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.91.

Age spread: 22.3% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.0 males.

