==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 204
|1910= 172
|1920= 189
|1930= 181
|1940= 179
|1950= 194
|1960= 218
|1970= 240
|1980= 249
|1990= 220
|2000= 230
|2010= 291
|2020= 266
|estyear=2021
|estimate=265
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=August 10, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 10, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 291 people, 105 households, and 71 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|312.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|117.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 105 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.4% were non-families. 21.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.31.

The median age in the city was 34.4 years. 27.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 8.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.6% male and 46.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 230 people, 82 households, and 62 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|250.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.87% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.83% of the population.

There were 82 households, out of which 41.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.2% were non-families. 19.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $43,250, and the median income for a family was $44,286. Males had a median income of $30,500 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,185. About 3.3% of families and 3.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 10.3% of those 65 or over.

