==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1900 = 68
| 1910 = 301
| 1920 = 405
| 1930 = 411
| 1940 = 490
| 1950 = 629
| 1960 = 801
| 1970 = 809
| 1980 = 784
| 1990 = 692
| 2000 = 675
| 2010 = 607
| 2020 = 514
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 607 people, 272 households, and 149 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|933.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 315 housing units at an average density of {{convert|484.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 272 households, of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.2% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the city was 46.4 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 30.1% were from 45 to 64; and 22.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 675 people, 278 households, and 179 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,039.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 332 housing units at an average density of {{convert|511.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.19% White, 2.22% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 1.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.67% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.37% of the population.

There were 278 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 33.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,491, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $12,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,196. About 25.0% of families and 25.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.1% of those under age 18 and 12.3% of those age 65 or over.

