==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 261
|1890= 402
|1900= 467
|1910= 404
|1920= 404
|1930= 453
|1940= 430
|1950= 400
|1960= 586
|1970= 578
|1980= 630
|1990= 856
|2000= 493
|2010= 480
|2020= 431
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html Decennial US Census]
}}
As of the census of 2000, there were 493 people, 199 households, and 146 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|709.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 207 housing units at an average density of 114.2 inhabitants/km<sup>2</sup> (297.7 inhabitants/mi<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the village was 98.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.41% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.41% from  [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.61% from two or more races. Also, 0.41% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 199 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.3% were married couples living together, 8.5% had a woman whose husband did not live with her, and 26.6% were non-families. 22.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the village, the age distribution of the population showed 24.1% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 33.7% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years.  For every 100 females, there were 94.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,705, and the median income for a family was $51,875.  Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $30,078 for females.  The per capita income for the village was $18,702, and 5.3% of the population and only 2.6% of families had an annual income below the federal poverty line.  Of the total number of people living in poverty, 8.1% were under the age of 18, and 3.4% were age 65 or older.

