==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 83
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=1996-12-27|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/http://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2000, there were 86 people, 38 households, and 18 families residing in the CDP.<ref name="Picuris Pueblo CDP New Mexico"/> The population density was {{convert|192.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 10.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 70.93% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 16.28% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 26.74% of the population.

There were 38 households, out of which 10.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 21.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.6% were non-families. 42.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 16.3% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $11,528, and the median income for a family was $16,875. Males had a median income of $21,000 versus $23,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,492. There were 36.0% of families and 28.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 45.0% of those over 64.

In 1990, 147 of the 1,882 enrolled tribal members lived in the pueblo;<ref name="p58"/> however, the number reduced to 86 in 2000.<ref name="Picuris Pueblo CDP New Mexico">U.S.
 Census Bureau. [https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/1600000US3556810 "Picuris Pueblo CDP New Mexico"] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200213062944/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/1600000US3556810 |date=2020-02-13 }}. 2000. American FactFinder. Retrieved October 27, 2017.</ref> At the 2010 Census, the population was recorded as 68.<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/2010census/popmap/ipmtext.php?fl=3556810|title=NM - Picuris Pueblo CDP|last=U.S. Census Bureau|date=2010|website=United States Census 2010|access-date=October 27, 2017|archive-date=August 3, 2018|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20180803014659/https://www.census.gov/2010census/popmap/ipmtext.php?fl=3556810|url-status=live}}</ref> By 2014, it was one of the smallest Tiwa pueblos.<ref name="NM org" />

