==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 46
|1960= 60
|1970= 50
|1980= 82
|1990= 57
|2000= 42
|2010= 45
|2020= 44
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 45 people, 19 households, and 15 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|642.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 19 housing units at an average density of {{convert|271.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 19 households, of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.1% were non-families. 15.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the town was 47.5 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 31% were from 45 to 64; and 24.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 42 people, 18 households, and 16 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|654.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 18 housing units at an average density of {{convert|280.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 18 households, out of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.1% were non-families. 11.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.50.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 9.5% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 14.3% from 25 to 44, 42.9% from 45 to 64, and 23.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $132,364, and the median income for a family was $132,364. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $12,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $48,029. None of the population or the families were below the [[poverty line]].

