==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 527
|1870= 511
|1880= 740
|1890= 880
|1900= 845
|1910= 921
|1920= 977
|1930= 1170
|1940= 978
|1950= 994
|1960= 936
|1970= 895
|1980= 999
|1990= 913
|2000= 839
|2010= 741
|2020= 660
|estyear=2021
|estimate=663
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-03-04|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 839 people, 325 households, and 242 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|505.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 340 housing units at an average density of {{convert|204.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.83% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.12% from two or more races.

There were 325 households, out of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.5% were non-families. 22.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.02.

The demographic distribution in the borough was varied, with 24.7% of the population under the age of 18, 6.8% between 18 and 24, 32.1% between 25 and 44, 23.7% between 45 and 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years or older. The median age of the population was 38 years. In terms of gender, for every 100 females, there were 100.2 males, and for every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $36,905, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $33,021 versus $20,707 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,705. About 8.3% of families and 7.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.4% of those under age 18 and 1.8% of those age 65 or over.

