==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 70
|1960= 148
|1970= 153
|1980= 141
|1990= 130
|2000= 111
|2010= 124
|2020= 121
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 124 people, 56 households, and 34 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|54.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|27.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 56 households, of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.3% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 51.3 years. 15.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.4% were from 25 to 44; 44.5% were from 45 to 64; and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 111 people, 47 households, and 33 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|49.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of 22.8 per square mile (8.8/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the village was 98.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.80% from two or more races.

There were 47 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 27.7% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 22.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $34,063, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $47,917 versus $28,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,745. There were no families and 4.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 5.1% of those over 64.

