==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1980 = 320
| 1990 = 258
| 2000 = 310
| 2010 = 951
| 2020 = 988
| estyear = 2022
| estimate = 1002
| estref = <ref>{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2022/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2022-POP-37.xlsx |title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places in North Carolina: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2022|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=April 19, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Alamance racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3700640&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 20, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 834
| 84.41%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 66
| 6.68%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 2
| 0.2%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 8
| 0.81%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 36
| 3.64%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 42
| 4.25%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 988 people, 454 households, and 355 families residing in the village.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_11_5YR_DP03 |archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212211753/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_11_5YR_DP03 |url-status=dead |archive-date=February 12, 2020 |title=American FactFinder - Results |author=Data Access and Dissemination Systems (DADS) |work=census.gov }}</ref> of 2010, there were 951 people, 365 households, and 291 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,285.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 401 housing units at an average density of {{convert|541.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 365 households, out of which 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.3% were non-families. 17.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 19, 4.1% from 20 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 28% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.2 years.

The median income for a household in the village was $84,250, and the median income for a family was $93,125. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $35,037. About 1.1% of families and 4.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.2% of those under age 18 and 21.9% of those age 65 or over.

