==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 211
|1890= 194
|1900= 200
|1910= 197
|1920= 176
|1930= 168
|1940= 192
|1950= 185
|1960= 150
|1970= 120
|1980= 120
|1990= 136
|2000= 112
|2010= 128
|2020= 99
|2025= 97
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 128 people, 45 households, and 37 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|123.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.8% from two or more races.

There were 45 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.8% were non-families. 13.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the town was 41 years. 29.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.6% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 18.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 112 people, 45 households, and 31 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|107.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|47.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.89% from two or more races.

There were 45 households, out of which 15.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.9% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 33.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,321, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,233. There were 8.3% of families and 11.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 35.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

