==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 1099
|2010= 1107
|2020= 1117
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=January 1, 2023|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,099 people, 415 households, and 331 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 779.9 people per square mile (300.9/km{{sup|2}}). There were 460 housing units at an average density of 326.4/sq&nbsp;mi (126.0/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.82% of the population.

There were 415 households, out of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.2% were non-families. 17.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 29.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $54,427, and the median income for a family was $56,528. Males had a median income of $37,460 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,817. About 4.6% of families and 5.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

