==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 143
|1890= 170
|1910= 195
|1920= 171
|1930= 271
|1940= 285
|1950= 244
|1960= 211
|1970= 205
|1980= 263
|1990= 295
|2000= 299
|2010= 303
|2020= 285
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 303 people living in the city. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% White, 0.3% from some other race and 0.7% from two or more races. 0.3% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 299 people, 121 households, and 87 families living in the small country town. The population density was {{convert|350.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 152 housing units at an average density of {{convert|178.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.33% of the population.

There were 121 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.3% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.15.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 65.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $12,500, and the median income for a family was $15,836. Males had a median income of $14,875 versus $15,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,897. About 17.9% of families and 26.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 48.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 31.8% of those 65 or over.

