==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|1900= 309
|1910= 390
|1920= 640
|1930= 683
|1940= 661
|1950= 767
|1960= 849
|1970= 834
|1980= 874
|1990= 855
|2000= 776
|2010= 673
|2020= 687
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 776 people, 329 households, and 225 families residing in the village.  The [[population density]] was {{convert|1057.5|/sqmi|/km2|abbr=on}}.  There were 364 housing units at an average density of 496.0 per square mile (192.5/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the village was 96.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.90% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.64% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.13% of the population.

There were 329 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.0 males.

