==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 158
| 1910 = 408
| 1920 = 479
| 1930 = 576
| 1940 = 613
| 1950 = 679
| 1960 = 858
| 1970 = 1068
| 1980 = 1287
| 1990 = 1439
| 2000 = 1551
| 2010 = 1594
| 2020 = 1561
| estyear = 2022
| estimate = 1569
|estref={{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,594 people, 659 households, and 441 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1180.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 720 housing units at an average density of {{convert|533.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.5% of the population.

There were 659 households, of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.1% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the village was 40.3 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 29% were from 45 to 64; and 13% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,551 people, 613 households, and 424 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,217.9 people per square mile (471.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 656 housing units at an average density of 515.1 per square mile (199.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.58% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.26% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.77% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.84% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.61% of the population.

There were 613 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $45,938, and the median income for a family was $51,979. Males had a median income of $37,813 versus $23,510 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,892. About 3.7% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.4% of those under age 18 and 5.4% of those age 65 or over.

