==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 2257
| 2010 = 2321
| 2020 = 2652
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,257 people, 778 households, and 655 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 2,166.6 people per square mile (837.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 809 housing units at an average density of 776.6/sq&nbsp;mi (300.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.84% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.75% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.97% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.53% of the population.

There were 778 households, out of which 43.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.9% were married couples living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.8% were non-families. 11.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.90 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 29.5% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 8.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $65,324, and the median income for a family was $71,389. Males had a median income of $48,103 versus $40,089 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $25,374. None of the families and 2.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

