==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 252
|1920= 341
|1930= 349
|1940= 390
|1950= 374
|1960= 372
|1970= 372
|1980= 334
|1990= 284
|2000= 286
|2010= 240
|2020= 281
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 240 people, 112 households, and 69 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|282.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 146 housing units at an average density of {{convert|171.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.3% from two or more races.

There were 112 households, of which 23.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.4% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the town was 45.6 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 26.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.7% male and 48.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 286 people, 120 households, and 80 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|336.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 152 housing units at an average density of {{convert|179.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.64% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.70% of the population.

There were 120 households, out of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $50,000. Males had a median income of $26,161 versus $17,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,815. About 3.9% of families and 8.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.2% of those 65 or over.

