==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 18
|2000= 328
|2010= 382
|2020= 364
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 328 people, 54 households, and 52 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|306.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of 52.2/sq mi (20.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.78% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 1.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]]s or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]s of any race were 0.91% of the population.

There were 54 households, of which 61.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 35.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 1.9% were non-families. Of all households 1.9% were made up of individuals, and no households had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older. The average household size was 6.07 and the average family size was 6.04.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 50.6% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 10.4% from 45 to 64, and 3.7% who were 65 years old or older. The median age was 18 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $12,206. Males had a median income of $11,889, females had $13,333. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $2,403. About 72.2% of families and 81.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 83.8% of those under age 18 and none of those aged 65 or over.

