==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 526
|1920= 360
|1930= 325
|1940= 291
|1950= 345
|1960= 288
|1970= 269
|1980= 327
|1990= 231
|2000= 335
|2010= 314
|2020= 305
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 314 people, and 148 households.  The racial makeup of the town was 94.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.60% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 19.7% from 18 to 35, 18.2% from 35 to 49, 20.4% from 50 to 64, and 21.7% over age 65. For every 100 females, there were 73.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $24,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,857. About 3.6% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.3% of those under age 18 and 16.9% of those age 65 or over.

===2000 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 335 people, 141 households, and 97 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|352.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|158.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.90% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.19% of the population.

There were 141 households, out of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.2% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 73.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $24,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,857. About 3.6% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.3% of those under age 18 and 16.9% of those age 65 or over.

