==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 171
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 70 people, 28 households, and 19 families living in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|7,463.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3,411.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 28 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 14.3% from 18 to 24, 34.3% from 25 to 44, 15.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $12,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,945. There were 18.2% of families and 16.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 15.4% of those over 64.

