==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 287
|1930= 346
|1940= 387
|1950= 413
|1960= 515
|1970= 467
|1980= 410
|1990= 317
|2000= 285
|2010= 232
|2020= 217
|estyear=2022
|estimate=215
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 6, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 6, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 232 people, 113 households, and 58 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|331.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 135 housing units at an average density of {{convert|192.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.3% from two or more races.

There were 113 households, of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.7% were non-families. 46.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 40.6 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 285 people, 130 households, and 72 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|408.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 155 housing units at an average density of {{convert|221.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.05% of the population. Flasher, North Dakota was established by multiple German families from Russia in the early 1900s.  It is rumored that one of the sons from the ship was left behind and is now living in Germany, in a small village near Heidelberg.

There were 130 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.6% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 19.3% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 30.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,313, and the median income for a family was $40,556. Males had a median income of $24,167 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,970. About 9.7% of families and 16.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.7% of those 65 or over.

