==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 346
|1920= 772
|1930= 756
|1940= 877
|1950= 849
|1960= 884
|1970= 937
|1980= 1097
|1990= 974
|2000= 957
|2010= 921
|2020= 934
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 921 people, 417 households, and 262 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1535.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 446 housing units at an average density of {{convert|743.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.1% of the population.

There were 417 households, of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.2% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the village was 44.1 years. 21% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 21.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 957 people, 416 households, and 264 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,610.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 445 housing units at an average density of {{convert|748.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.52% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.69% of the population.

There were 416 households, out of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 21.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $31,450, and the median income for a family was $37,639. Males had a median income of $31,750 versus $19,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,191. About 4.4% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.3% of those under age 18 and 9.9% of those age 65 or over.

