==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 323
|2020= 347
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Robbins first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Robbins had a population of 347. The population density was {{convert|134.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Robbins was 131 (37.8%) [[White Americans|White]], 2 (0.6%) [[African Americans|African American]], 13 (3.7%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1 (0.3%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 146 (42.1%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 54 (15.6%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 224 persons (64.6%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Robbins CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0662168 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 1, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 109 households, out of which 49 (45.0%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 71 (65.1%) were married-couple households, 9 (8.3%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 12 (11.0%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 17 (15.6%) had a male householder with no partner present. 14 households (12.8%) were one person, and 5 (4.6%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 3.18.<ref name=DP1/> There were 87 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (79.8% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Robbins CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0662168 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 1, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 84 people (24.2%) under the age of 18, 30 people (8.6%) aged 18 to 24, 101 people (29.1%) aged 25 to 44, 97 people (28.0%) aged 45 to 64, and 35 people (10.1%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 36.9{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 109.0 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|42.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 109 (99.1%) were occupied. Of these, 63 (57.8%) were owner-occupied, and 46 (42.2%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

