==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 133
|1950= 136
|1960= 89
|1970= 83
|1980= 86
|1990= 72
|2000= 63
|2010= 48
|2020= 47
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 48 people, 26 households, and 12 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|436.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|327.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.7% of the population.

There were 26 households, of which 15.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 53.8% were non-families. 53.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.85 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 22.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 37.5% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.3% male and 41.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 63 people, 30 households, and 15 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|606.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|346.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 30 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 43.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.0% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 31.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 125.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 121.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $43,125. Males had a median income of $20,833 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,164. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

