==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 215
|1890= 676
|1900= 743
|1910= 721
|1920= 764
|1930= 777
|1940= 870
|1950= 1059
|1960= 1194
|1970= 1199
|1980= 1041
|1990= 1178
|2000= 1046
|2010= 1043
|2020= 1001
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,043 people, 451 households, and 267 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|745.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 477 housing units at an average density of {{convert|340.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 451 households, of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.8% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 41.5 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 30.7% were from 45 to 64; and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,046 people, 440 households, and 278 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|743.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 452 housing units at an average density of {{convert|321.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.57% of the population.

There were 440 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 89.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $49,519, and the median income for a family was $56,125. Males had a median income of $35,288 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,472. About 4.9% of families and 3.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.3% of those under age 18 and 1.8% of those age 65 or over.

