==Demographics==
|2020= 2164
{{US Census population
|2000=1945
|2010=2291
|2020=2164
|float=
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<br/>2010<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Massanutten CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US5150030&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Massanutten CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US5150030&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
|align=left}}
The first European-American to settle permanently in the area was [[Adam Miller (Pioneer)|Adam Miller]] (Mueller) (1703–1783), a native of Germany who arrived in 1726 and made his homestead near present-day Elkton.

At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,945 people, 751 households and 582 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 135.7 per square mile (52.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,051 housing units at an average density of 73.3/sq&nbsp;mi (28.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.06% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.67% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.51% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.49% of the population.

There were 751 households which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.4% were non-families. 16.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.91.

Age distribution was 24.3% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 35.2% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 9.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 100.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.3 males.

The median household income was $61,316, and the median family income was $61,957. Males had a median income of $44,010 versus $27,596 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $24,292. About 2.4% of families and 3.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.1% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

