==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 344
|1920= 141
|1930= 215
|1940= 279
|1950= 380
|1960= 387
|1970= 306
|1980= 327
|1990= 336
|2000= 432
|2010= 436
|2020= 378
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 432 people, 134 households, and 107 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|789.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 149 housing units at an average density of {{convert|272.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 62.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 34.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 70.14% of the population.

There were 134 households, out of which 47.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.1% were non-families. 17.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.22 and the average family size was 3.62.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 38.4% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 14.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,386, and the median income for a family was $22,679. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $15,179 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,497. About 24.7% of families and 24.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.1% of those under age 18 and 6.5% of those age 65 or over.

