==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 657
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 196 people, 96 households, and 48 families living in the community. The population density was {{convert|182.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 182 housing units at an average density of {{convert|169.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the community was 98.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.51% of the population.

There were 96 households out of which 15.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were married couples living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 49.0% were non-families. 39.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.76. In the community, the population was spread out, with 14.3% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 36.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females, age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the community was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $51,458. Males had a median income of $26,339 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,845. None of the families and 4.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under 18s and 15.2% of those over 64.

