==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 309
|1910= 449
|1920= 491
|1930= 433
|1940= 491
|1950= 486
|1960= 451
|1970= 478
|1980= 502
|1990= 413
|2000= 345
|2010= 294
|2020= 263
|estyear=2024
|estimate=260
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 19, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 294 people, 149 households, and 82 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|576.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 173 housing units at an average density of {{convert|339.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 149 households, of which 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.0% were non-families. 38.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.62.

The median age in the city was 49.8 years. 18% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.7% were from 25 to 44; 35% were from 45 to 64; and 22.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 345 people, 159 households, and 94 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|645.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 176 housing units at an average density of {{convert|329.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.29% from two or more races.

There were 159 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.3% were non-families. 38.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,054, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $27,250 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,034. About 4.5% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.2% of those under age 18 and 11.0% of those age 65 or over.

