==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 440
|1900= 600
|1910= 632
|1920= 494
|1930= 441
|1940= 627
|1950= 741
|1960= 797
|1970= 787
|1980= 664
|1990= 637
|2000= 629
|2010= 567
|2020= 441
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Bolton racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2807540&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 16, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|112
|25.4%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|320
|72.56%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|6
|1.36%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|3
|0.68%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 441 people, 271 households, and 201 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 567 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 73.2% Black, 26.3% White and 0.4% from two or more races. 0.2% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 629 people, 246 households, and 157 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|410.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 261 housing units at an average density of {{convert|170.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 66.77% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 31.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.32% of the population.

There were 246 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 24.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 85.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,833, and the median income for a family was $50,208. Males had a median income of $27,159 versus $24,479 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $27,271. About 15.5% of families and 21.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.3% of those under age 18 and 14.7% of those age 65 or over.

