==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 654
|1920= 662
|1930= 568
|1940= 509
|1950= 469
|1960= 451
|1970= 376
|1980= 341
|1990= 314
|2000= 284
|2010= 222
|2020= 234
|estyear=2022
|estimate=237
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 28, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 28, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 15, 2014 }}</ref><br />2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 222 people, 107 households, and 53 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|224.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 142 housing units at an average density of {{convert|143.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 107 households, of which 14.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.5% were non-families. 47.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.73 and the average family size was 2.36.

The median age in the city was 60.7 years. 9.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 10.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 44.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 284 people, 124 households, and 62 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|288.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 155 housing units at an average density of {{convert|157.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.70% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.70% of the population.

The top 6 ancestry groups in the city are [[Norway|Norwegian]] (46.1%), [[Germany|German]] (13.7%), [[Sweden|Swedish]] (6.3%), [[England|English]] (3.9%), [[Ireland|Irish]] (2.8%), [[Italy|Italian]] (1.8%).

There were 124 households, out of which 14.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 49.2% were non-families. 46.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.82 and the average family size was 2.49.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.5% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 18.3% from 25 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 42.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 60 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,792, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $25,500 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,848. About 7.8% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.0% of those 65 or over.

