==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 150
|1910= 179
|1920= 138
|1930= 401
|1940= 402
|1950= 419
|1960= 489
|1970= 552
|1980= 866
|1990= 871
|2000= 882
|2010= 942
|2020= 509
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 882 people, 365 households, and 243 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] 602.1 people per square mile (233.2/km{{sup|2}}). There were 404 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town is 97.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.59% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.79% of the population.

There were 365 households, out of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.4% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who 65 years of age or older. The average household size 2.42 and the average family size 3.03.

In the town, the population spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town $32,583, and the median income for a family $38,750. Males had a median income of $30,294 versus $23,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town $14,030. About 7.1% of families and 11.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.7% of those under age 18 and 18.7% of those age 65 or over.

