==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 2000 = 277
| 2010 = 268
| 2020 = 362
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Cross Timber, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Cross%20Timber%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 21, 2024}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 277 people, 108 households and 85 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|200.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|83.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.72% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.86% of the population. By the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], its population was 362.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Cross_Timber_town;_Texas?g=160XX00US4817917 |access-date=June 22, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

In 2000, there were 108 households, of which 29.6% had children under 18 living with them, 68.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.4% were non-families. 18.5% of all households comprised individuals, and 7.4% had someone 65 years or older living alone. The average household size was 2.56, and the average family size was 2.79. Age distribution was 23.5% under 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 35.0% from 45 to 64, and 8.7% who were 65 years or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $47,083, and the median family income was $51,500 at the 2000 census. Males had a median income of $47,083 versus $25,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $23,259. About 3.2% of families and 4.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.2% of those under eighteen and none of those 65 or over. In 2020, its median household income was $46,250.

