==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 131
|1940= 97
|1950= 82
|1960= 69
|1970= 66
|1980= 55
|1990= 32
|2000= 27
|2010= 25
|2020= 27
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 27 people, 12 households, and 10 families in Lone Elm.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Lone%20Elm%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 397.1 per square mile (153.3/km{{sup|2}}). There were 14 housing units at an average density of 205.9 per square mile (79.5/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Lone%20Elm%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 88.89% (24) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (88.89% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 3.7% (1) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.41% (2) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Lone%20Elm%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 0.0% (0) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Lone%20Elm%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 12 households, 50.0% had children under the age of 18; 58.3% were married couples living together; 16.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 16.7% of households consisted of individuals and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 1.3 and the average family size was 2.0.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Lone%20Elm%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

29.6% of the population was under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 22.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 125.0 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 137.5 males.<ref name=:0 />

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 25 people, 12 households, and 7 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|312.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 18 housing units at an average density of {{convert|225.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 12 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.7% were non-families. 41.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the city was 46.8 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 24% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.0% male and 56.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 27 people, 12 households, and 9 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|371.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 17 housing units at an average density of {{convert|233.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.70% of the population.

There were 12 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 25.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.5% under the age of 18, 14.8% from 25 to 44, 33.3% from 45 to 64, and 33.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 60 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,885. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

