==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 513
|1880= 706
|1890= 738
|1900= 683
|1910= 1015
|1920= 1034
|1930= 1128
|1940= 1031
|1950= 1039
|1960= 1022
|1970= 1039
|1980= 967
|1990= 853
|2000= 807
|2010= 756
|2020= 677
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 756 people, 376 households, and 189 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|422.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 418 housing units at an average density of {{convert|233.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 376 households, of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 49.7% were non-families. 46.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the town was 47.1 years. 20.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 24.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 807 people, 377 households, and 214 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|448.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 420 housing units at an average density of {{convert|233.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.87% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.49% of the population.

There were 377 households, out of which 19.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.0% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.0% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 22.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $31,964. Males had a median income of $30,865 versus $21,696 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,234. About 14.6% of families and 20.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.0% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.

