==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 230
|1910= 434
|1920= 493
|1930= 500
|1940= 458
|1950= 468
|1960= 375
|1970= 363
|1980= 423
|1990= 339
|2000= 330
|2010= 317
|2020= 281
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 330 people, 127 households, and 99 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|332.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|148.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 69.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 28.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.64% of the population.

There were 127 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.0% were non-families. 21.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the town, the population was distributed as follows: 25.2% were under the age of 18, 10.3% were aged 18 to 24, 24.8% were aged 25 to 44, 26.7% were aged 45 to 64, and 13.0% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. There were 94.1 males for every 100 females, and for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,563, and the median income for a family was $31,375. Males had a median income of $31,125 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,604. About 22.6% of families and 28.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.7% of those under age 18 and 34.8% of those age 65 or over.

