==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 488
|1960= 773
|1970= 946
|1980= 864
|1990= 622
|2000= 708
|2010= 613
|2020= 599
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}{{Update section|date=June 2025|reason=Needs updating for the [[2020 United States Census|2020 census]]}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 613 people, 312 households, and 193 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|171.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 527 housing units at an average density of {{convert|147.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 312 households, of which 12.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.45.

The median age in the town was 59 years. 9.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 10.4% were from 25 to 44; 41.9% were from 45 to 64; and 34.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 708 people, 340 households, and 213 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|197.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 524 housing units at an average density of {{convert|146.5|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.71% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.28% of the population.

There were 340 households, out of which 11.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.53.

In the town, the population was 11.4% persons under the age of 18, 4.9% aged 18 to 24, 20.3% aged 25 to 44, 40.8% aged 45 to 64, and 22.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $159,107, and the median income for a family was $81,203. Males had a median income of $146,389 versus $38,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $40,825. About 4.0% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.4% of those under age 18 and 1.4% of those age 65 or over.

