==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 491
|1910= 532
|1920= 441
|1930= 555
|1940= 676
|1950= 758
|1960= 1050
|1970= 1289
|1980= 1211
|1990= 1148
|2000= 1354
|2010= 1459
|2020= 1350
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,459 people, 629 households, and 345 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1247.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 758 housing units at an average density of {{convert|647.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 629 households, of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.2% were non-families. 38.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the city was 30 years. 27.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 19.7% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,354 people, 533 households, and 300 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,543.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 616 housing units at an average density of {{convert|702.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.44% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.96% of the population.

There were 533 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.7% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 15.9% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 15.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,656, and the median income for a family was $38,854. Males had a median income of $30,259 versus $20,703 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,840. About 9.5% of families and 17.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.2% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.

