==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1900= 131
|1910= 194
|1920= 174
|1930= 188
|1940= 162
|1950= 102
|1960= 102
|1970= 72
|1980= 149
|1990= 102
|2000= 115
|2010= 127
|2020= 98
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 115 people, 45 households, and 27 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|107.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 59.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 33.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.87% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.91% of the population.

There were 45 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.39.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.4% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,875, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $9,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,154. There were 32.0% of families and 32.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 46.9% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

