==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 594
|1900= 444
|1910= 339
|1920= 294
|1930= 274
|1940= 293
|1950= 272
|1960= 286
|1970= 269
|1980= 261
|1990= 205
|2000= 200
|2010= 193
|2020= 165
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 193 people, 70 households, and 55 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|714.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|296.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 70 households, of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.4% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the village was 37.3 years. 28.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 31% were from 45 to 64; and 9.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 200 people, 77 households, and 56&nbsp;families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 748.2&nbsp;people per square mile (286.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|306.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 82.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.50% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.50% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.00% of the population.

There were 77 households, out of which 40.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.0% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.5% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 380&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 100.0&nbsp;males. For every 100&nbsp;females age0&nbsp;18 and over, there were 90.30&nbsp;males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,125, and the median income for a family was $46,667. Males had a median income of $38,214 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,801. About 8.3% of families and 12.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 23.9% of those 65 or over.

