==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000=306
|2010=367
|2020=390}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 306 people, 85 households, and 77 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|42.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|12.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 3.59% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.96% of the population.{{citation needed|date=August 2025}}

There were 85 households, out of which 62.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 84.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 9.4% were non-families. 9.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.60 and the average family size was 3.86.{{citation needed|date=August 2025}}

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 39.5% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 4.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.3 males.{{citation needed|date=August 2025}}

The median income for a household in the CDP was $39,250, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $26,094 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,875. About 3.0% of families and 5.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.7% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.{{citation needed|date=August 2025}}

