==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 1667
|1920= 1320
|1930= 1891
|1940= 2291
|1950= 2036
|1960= 1477
|1970= 1279
|1980= 1269
|1990= 821
|2000= 840
|2010= 692
|2020= 646
|estyear=2019
|estimate=692
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 692 people, 326 households, and 193 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|823.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 434 housing units at an average density of {{convert|516.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 326 households, of which 20.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.8% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the city was 48.3 years. 17.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 33.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 840 people, 367 households, and 227 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,011.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 456 housing units at an average density of {{convert|549.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.83% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.86% of the population.

There were 367 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.9% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,417, and the median income for a family was $36,917. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,943.  About 7.8% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.2% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.

