==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 342
|1960= 233
|1970= 237
|1980= 226
|1990= 120
|2000= 120
|2010= 119
|2020= 112
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 121 people, 50 households and 34 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|76.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 64 housing units at an average density of {{convert|40.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 50 households, of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.85.

25.0% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 32.5% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $27,000 and the median family income was $33,750. Males had a median income of $26,750 compared with $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,755. There were 22.2% of families and 33.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 58.3% of under eighteens and 41.7% of those over 64.

