==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 131
|2010= 438
|2020= 457
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 131 people, 30 households, and 30 families living in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|418.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.5% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]]. 1.5% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 30 households, out of which 86.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 26.7% were married couples living together, 63.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 0.0% were non-families. No households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.37 and the average family size was 3.93.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 56.5% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 4.6% from 45 to 64, and 0.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 16 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $8,250, and the median income for a family was $8,250. Males had a median income of $0 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $3,951. There were 88.9% of families and 68.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 56.2% of those under 18 and none of those over 64.

