==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 333
|1900= 425
|1910= 503
|1920= 559
|1930= 630
|1940= 627
|1950= 624
|1960= 613
|1970= 647
|1980= 724
|1990= 690
|2000= 690
|2010= 714
|2020= 710
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 714 people, 290 households, and 193 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1275.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 322 housing units at an average density of {{convert|575.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 12.2% of the population.

There were 290 households, of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.4% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 40 years. 27.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 24.4% were from 45 to 64; and 17.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 690 people, 299 households, and 199 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,268.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 323 housing units at an average density of {{convert|593.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.59% of the population.

There were 299 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.4% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $36,071, and the median income for a family was $42,434. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $21,979 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,900. About 2.5% of families and 4.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.9% of those under age 18 and 2.9% of those age 65 or over.

