==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 199
|1920= 190
|1930= 204
|1940= 164
|1950= 141
|1960= 81
|1970= 81
|1980= 92
|1990= 95
|2000= 89
|2010= 73
|2020= 72
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 73 people, 29 households, and 21 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|521.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|335.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 29 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.6% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the village was 44.5 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 35.5% were from 45 to 64; and 13.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 56.2% male and 43.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 89 people, 34 households, and 21 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|645.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|333.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 34 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.36.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.6% under the age of 18, 2.2% from 18 to 24, 37.1% from 25 to 44, 18.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.9 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $23,438, and the median income for a family was $41,458. Males had a median income of $25,938 versus $23,906 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,764. There were 13.3% of families and 19.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 22.2% of under eighteens and 28.6% of those over 64.

