==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 32
|2010= 20
|2020= 34
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Beluga first appeared on the 2000 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).<ref>{{Cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2000/phc-1-3.pdf |title=Archived copy |access-date=October 17, 2019 |archive-date=March 18, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210318011024/https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2000/phc-1-3.pdf |url-status=dead }}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 32 people, 13 households, and 7 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 75.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 25.00% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]].

There were 13 households, out of which 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 38.5% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 34.4% from 45 to 64, and 9.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 128.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 140.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $0, and the median income for a family was $0. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $0. There were no families and none of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

Two prominent features are a small general store and the Chugach Electric power plant, which powers about half of [[Anchorage, Alaska|Anchorage]]. The plant is situated on a gas reserve, which allows for on-site extraction of the [[natural gas|gas]] to be used to fuel the plant.

