==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 181
|1900= 371
|1910= 500
|1920= 516
|1930= 517
|1940= 504
|1950= 505
|1960= 585
|1970= 616
|1980= 632
|1990= 591
|2000= 615
|2010= 610
|2020= 615
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 19, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 610 people, 231 households, and 165 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1564.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 254 housing units at an average density of {{convert|651.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 231 households, of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.6% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the village was 39 years. 26.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 615 people, 247 households, and 171 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,545.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 260 housing units at an average density of {{convert|653.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.16% of the population.

There were 247 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.8% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.8 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $35,526, and the median income for a family was $39,271. Males had a median income of $30,455 versus $20,227 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,738. About 4.0% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.5% of those under age 18 and 5.7% of those age 65 or over.

