==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 132
|1940= 130
|1950= 114
|1960= 95
|1970= 58
|1980= 27
|1990= 23
|2000= 18
|2010= 10
|2020= 15
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 10 people, 4 households, and 3 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|125.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 9 housing units at an average density of {{convert|112.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 4 households, of which 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 25.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the town was 46 years. 30% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 30% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 18 people, 7 households, and 4 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|282.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 10 housing units at an average density of {{convert|156.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 5.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 7 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $14,375, and the median income for a family was $55,417. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,976. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

