==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 162
|1960= 177
|1970= 125
|1980= 95
|1990= 73
|2000= 59
|2010= 54
|2020= 52
|estyear=2022
|estimate=50
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 29, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 29, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 54 people, 27 households, and 13 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|75.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|47.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 27 households, of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 51.9% were non-families. 51.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 40.5 years. 20.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 24.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.6% male and 44.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 59 people, 32 households, and 16 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|80.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|45.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 32 households, out of which 21.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.9% were non-families. 46.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.84 and the average family size was 2.59.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 15.3% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 23.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,625, and the median income for a family was $46,458. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $12,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,105. There were no families and 7.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

