==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 521
|1910= 599
|1920= 684
|1930= 1216
|1940= 1565
|1950= 2126
|1960= 2142
|1970= 1914
|1980= 2494
|1990= 2214
|2000= 2159
|2010= 2034
|2020= 2043
|
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,159 people, 984 households, and 604 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,058.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|548.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.80% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.42% of the population.

There were 984 households, out of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 36.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the town, 20.0% of the population was under the age of 18, 7.3% was from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 22.2% was 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $48,068. Males had a median income of $35,875 versus $22,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,268. About 4.1% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.9% of those under age 18 and 22.9% of those age 65 or over.

