==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 1956
|2020= 1343
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="Census 2020"/>
}}
As of the census of 2010, there were 1,956 people, 586 households, and 457 families residing in the community. The population density was {{convert|230.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 634 housing units at an average density of {{convert|74.1|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 50.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 32.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 42.5% of the population.

There were 586 households, out of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were married couples living together, 19.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.3% were non-families. 17.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.35 and the average family size was 3.75.

In the community, the population was spread out, with 37.6% under the age of 18, 10.9% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 8.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.6 males.

The median income for a household in the community was $54,098, and the median income for a family was $58,411. Males had a median income of $27,558 versus $27,101 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $19,436. About 24.4% of families and 19.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.6% of those under age 18 and 99.9% of those age 65 or over.

