==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 150
|1930= 134
|1940= 134
|1950= 96
|1960= 92
|1970= 65
|1980= 76
|1990= 81
|2000= 75
|2010= 65
|2020= 71
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 65 people, 28 households, and 18 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|91.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|45.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.5% from two or more races.

There were 28 households, of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.7% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the town was 43.6 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.8% were from 25 to 44; 30.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 75 people, 32 households, and 20 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|105.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|47.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 82.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.33% of the population.

There were 32 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 34.7% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 8.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $45,625, and the median income for a family was $50,833. Males had a median income of $28,333 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,619. There were no families and 8.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

