==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 182
|1920= 362
|1930= 458
|1940= 536
|1950= 394
|1960= 381
|1970= 287
|1980= 254
|1990= 191
|2000= 114
|2010= 80
|2020= 81
|estyear=2022
|estimate=81
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 29, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 29, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 12, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 80 people, 50 households, and 24 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|421.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 100 housing units at an average density of {{convert|526.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 50 households, of which 4.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 52.0% were non-families. 46.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 34% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.60 and the average family size was 2.13.

The median age in the city was 70 years. 2.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 5.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 58.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results|title=Data Center Results}}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 57.14%
|-
| Spoke [[German language|German]] at home || 42.86%
|-
|}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 114 people, 65 households, and 36 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|638.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|549.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.88% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 65 households, out of which 4.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.1% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.75 and the average family size was 2.24.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 6.1% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 16.7% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 44.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 63 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,938, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $21,563 versus $13,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,912. There were 11.1% of families and 13.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 15.2% of those over 64.

