==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 130
|1930= 157
|1940= 119
|1950= 88
|1960= 60
|1970= 43
|1980= 24
|1990= 24
|2000= 20
|2010= 21
|2020= 21
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 16, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|accessdate=October 16, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20131120100311/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archivedate=November 20, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 21 people, 10 households, and 5 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|55.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 11 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 81.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 19.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 19.0% of the population.

There were 10 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the village was 53.5 years. 14.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 47.6% were from 45 to 64; and 9.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 42.9% male and 57.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 20 people, 10 households, and 5 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|52.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 10 housing units at an average density of {{convert|26.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 10 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 40.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 35.0% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 66.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 60.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $12,250, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,310. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

===Notable people===

* Katherine "Kathy" May Todd, first woman in the Oregon Dairy Industries Hall of Fame<ref>{{Cite web |title=Oregon Dairy Industries - Hall of Fame |url=https://www.oregondairyindustries.com/page-18225 |access-date=2024-08-14 |website=www.oregondairyindustries.com}}</ref>

