==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 175
| 1920 = 325
| 1930 = 267
| 1940 = 253
| 1950 = 200
| 1960 = 237
| 1970 = 226
| 1980 = 208
| 1990 = 154
| 2000 = 235
| 2010 = 256
| 2020 = 207
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 202
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 235 people, 96 households, and 69 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|123.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|56.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 19.87% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 80.33% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.43% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]].  1.70% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 96 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.1% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,250, and the median income for a family was $43,333. Males had a median income of $24,028 versus $26,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,159.  About 10.3% of families and 18.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.0% of those 65 or over.

