==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1960 = 506
| 1970 = 544
| 1980 = 507
| 1990 = 415
| 2000 = 606
| 2010 = 523
| 2020 = 553
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2013-01-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 523 people, 209 households, and 141 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|450.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 257 housing units at an average density of {{convert|221.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 209 households, of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.5% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 42.1 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 18% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 606 people, 226 households, and 153 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 721.6 people per square mile (278.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 240 housing units at an average density of 285.8 per square mile (110.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.66% from two or more races.

There were 226 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.3% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 26.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,393, and the median income for a family was $38,281. Males had a median income of $30,455 versus $20,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,455. About 12.7% of families and 11.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.7% of those under age 18 and 11.2% of those age 65 or over.

