==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 369
|1910= 364
|1930= 573
|1940= 560
|1950= 623
|1960= 533
|1970= 781
|1980= 873
|1990= 755
|2000= 763
|2010= 718
|2020= 742
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 763 people, 317 households, and 219 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 345.2 people per square mile (133.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 347 housing units at an average density of 157.0 per square mile (60.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 85.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 13.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.31% of the population.

There were 317 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $26,500 versus $19,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,402. About 12.8% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.1% of those under age 18 and 11.4% of those age 65 or over.

