==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 428
|1900= 576
|1910= 593
|1920= 739
|1930= 1155
|1940= 1141
|1950= 1270
|1960= 1090
|1970= 1116
|1980= 1109
|1990= 949
|2000= 876
|2010= 779
|2020= 718
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012|archive-date=July 21, 2022|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220721081554/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 779 people, 349 households, and 213 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|820.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 439 housing units at an average density of {{convert|462.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 349 households, of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.0% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 46.2 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.4% were from 25 to 44; 31.7% were from 45 to 64; and 19.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 876 people, 379 households, and 241 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|965.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 462 housing units at an average density of {{convert|509.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 98.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.34% of the population.

There were 379 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 22.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $33,490, and the median income for a family was $40,875. Males had a median income of $29,063 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,129.  Below the [[poverty line]] were 7.3% of people, 2.7% of families, 8.4% of those under 18 and 12.0% of those over 64.

