==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 204
|1930= 198
|1940= 268
|1950= 262
|1960= 235
|1970= 201
|1980= 253
|1990= 242
|2000= 201
|2010= 201
|2020= 199
|estyear=2022
|estimate=200
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=April 30, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=April 30, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 201 people, 89 households, and 58 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|233.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 100 housing units at an average density of {{convert|116.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 89 households, of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.8% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the city was 44.5 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 21.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.7% male and 44.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 201 people, 86 households, and 57 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|249.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|126.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.49% of the population.

There were 86 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 118.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $33,125 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,737.  About 17.2% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.8% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

