==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 137
|2010= 134
|2020= 141
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Rockville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4561495&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 15, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|125
|88.65%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|11
|7.8%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|2
|1.42%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|3
|2.13%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 141 people, 66 households, and 36 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 137 people, 64 households, and 44 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|314.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|193.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.68% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.19% of the population.

There were 64 households, out of which 10.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.60.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 10.9% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 16.1% from 25 to 44, 41.6% from 45 to 64, and 22.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $58,977, and the median income for a family was $69,821. Males had a median income of $45,208 versus $33,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $36,620. There were 3.9% of families and 3.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

