==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 682
|1860= 735
|1870= 940
|1880= 1522
|1890= 1459
|1900= 1617
|1910= 1446
|1920= 1470
|1930= 1424
|1940= 1653
|1950= 1920
|1960= 1810
|1970= 1686
|1980= 1792
|1990= 1803
|2000= 1744
|2010= 1644
|2020= 1681
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,644 people, 598 households, and 403 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1627.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 671 housing units at an average density of {{convert|664.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 598 households, of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.6% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the village was 35.5 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.2% were from 25 to 44; 22.7% were from 45 to 64; and 13.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,744 people, 705 households, and 473 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,699.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 761 housing units at an average density of {{convert|741.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.92% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.63% of the population.

There were 705 households, out of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.7% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,385, and the median income for a family was $42,368. Males had a median income of $34,375 versus $24,453 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,685. About 10.3% of families and 14.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.2% of those under age 18 and 14.2% of those age 65 or over.

