==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= 
|1880|255
|1890|367
|1900|482
|1910|438
|1920|437
|1930|432
|1940|459
|1950|457
|1960|421
|1970|383
|1980|411
|1990|320
|2000|413
|2010|371
|2020|344
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|df=}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>{{cbignore}}}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-28}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 344 people, 133 households, and 91 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,117.8 inhabitants per square mile (431.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 153 housing units at an average density of 497.2 per square mile (192.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 93.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.3% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from other races and 5.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 4.1% of the population.

Of the 133 households, 30.8% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% were cohabitating couples, 20.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 21.8% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 31.6% of all households were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 38.0 years. 29.1% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.9% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 and 44; 27.6% were from 45 and 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 371 people, 145 households, and 99 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1484.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 166 housing units at an average density of {{convert|664.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 145 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.7% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 40.3 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 29.1% were from 45 to 64; and 13.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website |df= }}</ref> of 2000, there were 413 people, 159 households, and 113 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,673.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 177 housing units at an average density of {{convert|717.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.73% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.69% of the population.

There were 159 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.9% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $187,485, and the median income for a family was $215,983. Males had a median income of $205,423 versus $164,824 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $126,857. About 10.5% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.2% of those under age 18 and 16.7% of those age 65 or over.

