==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 1453
|1920= 2293
|1930= 2426
|1940= 2639
|1950= 2597
|1960= 2398
|1970= 2444
|1980= 2365
|1990= 2464
|2000= 2653
|2010= 2682
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US5575625|date=June 8, 2022|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 8, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US5575625|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 8, 2022}}</ref>
|2020=2477}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{Cite web |last=U.S Census Bureau |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US5575625 |access-date=2022-06-08 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> of 2020, there were 2,573 people, 1,266 households, 669 families, and 1,289 housing units. The racial makeup of the city was 94.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.65% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 1,266 households, of which 20.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 42.7% were living alone, and 47.4% had at least one person 60 years or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.58.

The median age in the city was 47 years. 20.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 53.2% were between the ages of 18 and 65; and 26.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,682 people, 1,180 households, and 666 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|815.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,302 housing units at an average density of {{convert|395.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 1,180 households, of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.6% were non-families. 38.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 41.6 years. 23.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 21.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.6% male and 54.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,653 people, 1,148 households, and 662 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|875.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 1,249 housing units at an average density of {{convert|412.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.41% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.04% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.17% from two or more races. 1.21% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,148 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.3% were non-families. 37.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.9.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 22.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,768, and the median income for a family was $39,677. The median income of its residents was $16,390. About 7.6% of families and 11.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.7% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.

