==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 137
|1880= 196
|1890= 318
|1900= 304
|1910= 324
|1920= 407
|1930= 344
|1940= 387
|1950= 378
|1960= 374
|1970= 352
|1980= 375
|1990= 293
|2000= 324
|2010= 222
|2020= 224
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 222 people, 95 households, and 65 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|188.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|105.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 95 households, of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.6% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the village was 46.7 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.8% were from 25 to 44; 35.6% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 324 people, 123 households, and 91 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|290.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 143 housing units at an average density of {{convert|128.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.62% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.31% of the population.

There were 123 households, out of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.0% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,417, and the median income for a family was $33,250. Males had a median income of $37,250 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,836. About 17.9% of families and 16.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.0% of those under age 18 and 20.5% of those age 65 or over.

