==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 295
| 1910 = 964
| 1920 = 1046
| 1930 = 1044
| 1940 = 1180
| 1950 = 1376
| 1960 = 1466
| 1970 = 1624
| 1980 = 1629
| 1990 = 1784
| 2000 = 1998
| 2010 = 2218
| 2020 = 2209
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,218 people, 945 households, and 487 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|827.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,061 housing units at an average density of {{convert|395.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 88.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 15.8% of the population.

There were 945 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.5% were non-families. 44.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the city was 35.4 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 22.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,998 people, 806 households, and 429 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 800.8 people per square mile (308.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 877 housing units at an average density of 351.5 per square mile (135.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 94.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.70% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.85% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.30% from two or more races. 7.21% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 806 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.7% were non-families. 40.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 23.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,723, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $27,546 versus $19,648 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,006. About 5.2% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.7% of those under age 18 and 18.3% of those age 65 or over.

