==Demographics==
<!-- As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 97 people, 37 households, and 27 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|121.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|53.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 86.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.03% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 10.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.34% of the population.

There were 37 households, out of which 37.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.0% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 33.0% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 8.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $39,167. Males had a median income of $36,875 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,608. There were 31.8% of families and 16.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 27.3% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
 -->
The [[United States Census Bureau]] initially defined the {{nowrap|Padroni CDP}} for the {{nowrap|[[United States Census 2000]].}}
{{Historical populations
|title  = Padroni CDP, Colorado
|type   = US
|align  = left
|source = [[United States Census Bureau]]
|2000|97
|2010|76
|2020|75
}}
{{clear}}

