==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 798
|1990= 774
|2000= 738
|2010= 661
|2020= 677
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|title=Pennsylvania: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-40.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 738 people, 491 households, and 152 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|12,710.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 500 housing units at an average density of {{convert|8,611.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 95.93% White, 1.63% African American, 0.81% Native American, 0.81% Asian, 0.14% from other races, and 0.68% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.81% of the population.

There were 491 households, out of which 11.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 21.2% were married couples living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 69.0% were non-families. 61.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.50 and the average family size was 2.32.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 9.5% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 50.4% from 25 to 44, 28.7% from 45 to 64, and 6.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 68.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 64.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $46,579, and the median income for a family was $55,125. Males had a median income of $42,222 versus $36,528 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $33,339. About 3.8% of families and 3.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.6% of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those age 65 or over.

