==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 586
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 116 people, 36 households, and 29 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|34.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|14.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 36 households, out of which 47.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 33.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.4% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.22 and the average family size was 3.62.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 31.0% under the age of 18, 11.2% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $55,469, and the median income for a family was $25,469. Males had a median income of $0 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,983. There were 38.5% of families and 29.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 39.1% of those under 18 and none of those over 64.

