==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 1200
|1930= 737
|1940= 462
|1950= 336
|1960= 240
|1970= 325
|1980= 447
|1990= 257
|2000= 199
|2010= 169
|2020= 152
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 169 people, 70 households, and 43 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|36.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|18.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.2% from two or more races.

There were 70 households, of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.6% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 40.1 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 33.1% were from 45 to 64; and 11.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.1% male and 47.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|census of 2000]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 199 people, 82 households, and 61 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|43.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|19.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.01% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.02% of the population. 25.3% were of [[finns|Finnish]], 19.2% [[germans|German]], 8.9% [[Irish people|Irish]], 8.2% [[norwegians|Norwegian]], 6.8% [[swedish people|Swedish]], 6.2% [[French Canadian]] and 6.2% [[italians|Italian]] ancestry.

There were 82 households, out of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.4% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 3.5% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 20.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $31,667 versus $17,361 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,756. About 9.4% of families and 13.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.4% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.{{coord|47|30|51|N|92|43|51|W|type:city_region:US-MN|display=title}}

