==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 426
| 1930 = 249
| 1940 = 268
| 1950 = 246
| 1960 = 265
| 1970 = 246
| 1980 = 251
| 1990 = 305
| 2000 = 287
| 2010 = 287
| 2020 = 266
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 287 people, 128 households, and 72 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|562.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 143 housing units at an average density of {{convert|280.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 128 households, of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.8% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the village was 38.6 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 33.1% were from 25 to 44; 23.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 287 people, 120 households, and 75 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 562.5 people per square mile (217.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 131 housing units at an average density of 256.8 per square mile (99.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.70% of the population.

There were 120 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 33.4% from 25 to 44, 16.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,714, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,258. About 8.3% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 14.7% of those 65 or over.

