==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 45
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
{{See also|List of Massachusetts locations by per capita income}}
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 39 people, 19 households, and 12 families living in the CDP. The population density was 188.2/km{{sup|2}} (502.1/mi{{sup|2}}). There were 69 housing units at an average density of 333.0/km{{sup|2}} (888.3/mi{{sup|2}}).  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 100.00% White.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
Of the 19 households 15.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were married couples living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. Of all households 31.6% were one person and 21.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.54.

The age distribution was 17.9% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 25 to 44, 35.9% from 45 to 64, and 35.9% 65 or older. The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.3 males.

The median household income was $65,179; median incomes for families, males and females are unknown, due to the small size of the population. The per capita income for the CDP was $48,815. None of the population were below the [[poverty line]].

