==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 202
| 2010 = 163
| 2020 = 119
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Plantation Island racial composition'''<br> (Hispanics excluded from racial categories)<br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US1257492&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2022-02-12|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|104
|87.39%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|0.84%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|1
|0.84%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|5
|4.2%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|8
|6.72%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''119'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 119 people, 14 households, and 0 families residing in the CDP.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 202 people, 92 households, and 57 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|344.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|269.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.47% of the population.

There were 92 households, out of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.0% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 14.4% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 32.7% from 45 to 64, and 22.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $45,208. Males had a median income of $31,667 versus $30,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,581.  About 13.8% of families and 14.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 11.4% of those 65 or over.

