==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 443
|1910= 516
|1920= 573
|1930= 491
|1940= 471
|1950= 423
|1960= 480
|1970= 477
|1980= 610
|1990= 631
|2000= 705
|2010= 717
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
|2020=887}}
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Crawford racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4817564&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 24, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|752
|84.78%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|18
|2.03%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|0.11%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|46
|5.19%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|70
|7.89%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''887'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 887 people, 337 households, and 270 families residing in the town.

At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 705 people in the town, organized into 260 households and 192 families. The population density was {{convert|763.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 277 housing units at an average density of {{convert|299.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the town was 88.37% White, 4.40% African American, 0.14% Native American, 0.00% Asian, 0.00% Pacific Islander, 5.96% from other races, and 1.13% from two or more races. 11.49% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref name="GR2" />
There were 260 households, 41.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were married couples living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.8% were non-families. 23.8% of households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.23.

The age distribution was 30.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median household income was $38,015 and the median family income was $39,732. Males had a median income of $31,765 versus $19,653 for females. The per capita income for the town was $15,421. 6.2% of the population and 6.4% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 2.9% of those under the age of 18 and 24.7% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

