==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 164
|1930= 111
|1940= 109
|1950= 115
|1960= 46
|1970= 31
|1980= 22
|1990= 12
|2000= 12
|2010= 8
|2020= 16
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 21, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref name="2013 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=October 4, 2014}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 8 people, 3 households, and 3 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|32.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 3 housing units at an average density of {{convert|12.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 3 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them and 100.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together. 0.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the town was 57.5 years. 12.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.5% were from 25 to 44; 37.5% were from 45 to 64; and 37.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 62.5% male and 37.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 12 people, 4 households, and 4 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|48.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 7 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 4 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 100.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 0.0% were non-families. No households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 16.7% under the age of 18, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 41.7% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,417, and the median income for a family was $25,417. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,144. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

