==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 301
|1930= 242
|1940= 166
|1950= 117
|1960= 101
|1970= 82
|1980= 84
|1990= 80
|2000= 125
|2010= 98
|2020= 99
|estyear=2022
|estimate=105
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 23, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 23, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 98 people, 46 households, and 26 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|26.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|15.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 46 households, of which 19.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.5% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the city was 45 years. 19.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 40.8% were from 45 to 64; and 9.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.1% male and 42.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 125 people, 47 households, and 28 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|33.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of 14.0 per square mile (5.4/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the village was 97.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.80% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.60% from two or more races. 21.7% were of [[Norwegians|Norwegian]], 12.3% [[Irish people|Irish]], 10.4% [[Swedish people|Swedish]], 9.4% [[Germans|German]], 7.5% [[French Canadian]], 6.6% [[Italians|Italian]], 6.6% [[Polish people|Polish]] and 5.7% [[English people|English]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 47 households, out of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.4% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.50.

In the village the population was spread out, with 31.2% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 8.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 127.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 126.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $21,500, and the median income for a family was $42,083. Males had a median income of $43,333 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,714. There were 9.7% of families and 16.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 8.5% of under eighteens and 18.2% of those over 64.

