==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 322
|1890= 449
|1900= 807
|1910= 1096
|1920= 1160
|1930= 1272
|1940= 1253
|1950= 1253
|1960= 1211
|1970= 1200
|1980= 1361
|1990= 1504
|2000= 1469
|2010= 1419
|2020= 1330
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,469 people, 593 households, and 377 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,079.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 657 housing units at an average density of {{convert|482.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 67.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 29.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.20% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.59% of the population.

There were 593 households, out of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,682, and the median income for a family was $31,083. Males had a median income of $27,868 versus $20,240 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,283. About 23.6% of families and 25.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.5% of those under age 18 and 25.6% of those age 65 or over.

