==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 166
|2020= 171
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 171 people, 77 households, and 54 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 247.9 inhabitants per square mile (95.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 82 housing units at an average density of 118.9 per square mile (45.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 95.3% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 1.2% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1.8% from other races and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.3% of the population.

Of the 77 households, 26.0% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% were cohabitating couples, 16.9% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 23.4% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 29.9% of all households were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 44.3 years. 27.5% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.7% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 19.9% were from 25 and 44; 30.4% were from 45 and 64; and 17.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 59.1% male and 40.9% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=May 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 166 people, 70 households, and 43 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|240.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|115.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 70 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.2 years. The gender makeup of the city was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

