==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1890= 111
|1900= 168
|1910= 186
|1920= 401
|1930= 480
|1940= 500
|1950= 492
|1960= 448
|1970= 377
|1980= 361
|1990= 291
|2000= 279
|2010= 251
|2020= 239
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 251 people, 134 households, and 69 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|809.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 186 housing units at an average density of {{convert|600.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 134 households, of which 20.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.5% were non-families. 47.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.87 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the village was 50.7 years. 19.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 28.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.6% male and 53.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 279 people, 137 households, and 80 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|905.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 179 housing units at an average density of {{convert|580.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.72% of the population.

There were 137 households, out of which 16.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.6% were non-families. 40.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.68.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 17.9% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 17.9% from 25 to 44, 27.6% from 45 to 64, and 28.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $29,688. Males had a median income of $25,500 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,071. About 11.8% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.8% of those 65 or over.

