==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 398
|1920= 299
|1930= 219
|1940= 250
|1950= 189
|1960= 155
|1970= 152
|1980= 113
|1990= 85
|2000= 71
|2010= 56
|2020= 64
|estyear=2022
|estimate=64
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 22, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 22, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 12, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 56 people, 31 households, and 20 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|215.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|142.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 31 households, of which 6.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.5% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.81 and the average family size was 2.10.

The median age in the city was 71.3 years. 5.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 10.7% were from 25 to 44; 17.9% were from 45 to 64; and 64.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.4% male and 53.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 71 people, 36 households, and 27 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|276.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|174.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.41% of the population.

There were 36 households, out of which 11.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.22.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 8.5% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 12.7% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 47.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 64 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $27,813. Males had a median income of $57,917 versus $27,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,702. There were 4.3% of families and 16.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under eighteens and 5.4% of those over 64.

