==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 315
|1960= 210
|1970= 112
|1980= 150
|1990= 88
|2000= 106
|2010= 79
|2020= 59
|estyear=2024
|estimate=62
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=September 24, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 79 people, 37 households, and 22 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|415.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|268.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.1% of the population.

There were 37 households, of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.5% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the city was 47.5 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.3% were from 25 to 44; 35.4% were from 45 to 64; and 20.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.7% male and 44.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 106 people, 42 households, and 30 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|581.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|307.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.94% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.94% from two or more races.

There were 42 households, out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.2% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 130.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $40,313. Males had a median income of $27,000 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,845. There were 6.9% of families and 12.1% of the population living below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 15.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

