==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 146
|1910= 187
|1920= 135
|1930= 139
|1940= 152
|1950= 105
|1960= 126
|1970= 95
|1980= 73
|1990= 59
|2000= 68
|2010= 55
|2020= 41
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing by Decades|publisher=[[US Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2/> 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2/>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Satartia village, Mississippi - Demographic Profile'''<br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')
!Race / Ethnicity
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Satartia village, Mississippi|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US2865680&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Satartia village, Mississippi|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US2865680&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|49
|35
|89.09%
|85.37%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|6
|2
|10.91%
|4.88%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Some Other Race]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed Race/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|0
|2
|0.00%
|4.88%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|0
|2
|0.00%
|4.88%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''55'''
|'''41'''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|}
''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.''

===2010 Census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 55 people living in the village. 89.1% were [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 10.9% were [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]].

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 68 people, 28 households, and 22 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|454.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|213.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial make-up of the village was 85.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 14.71% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 28 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.9% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 17.6% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 38.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $43,500. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $38,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,073. There were no families and 4.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including none under 18 and 17.6% of those over 64.
{{clear|left}}

