==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 211
|1910= 353
|1920= 368
|1930= 257
|1940= 310
|1950= 304
|1960= 282
|1970= 198
|1980= 135
|1990= 127
|2000= 102
|2010= 50
|2020= 38
|estyear=2022
|estimate=38
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 14, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 14, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 20, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 50 people, 24 households, and 16 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|50.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 6.0% from two or more races.

There were 24 households, of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the city was 53 years. 16% of residents were under the age of 18; 2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 40% were from 45 to 64; and 22% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.0% male and 44.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 102 people, 45 households, and 28 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|102.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|55.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.96% from two or more races.

There were 45 households, out of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.6% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 23.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,107, and the median income for a family was $27,083. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,719. There were 10.3% of families and 15.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 24.1% of under eighteens and 25.0% of those over 64.

