==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 98
|1970= 70
|1980= 101
|1990= 80
|2000= 91
|2010= 121
|2020= 172
|estyear=2024
|estimate=209
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=May 25, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

As of the 2023 [[American Community Survey]], there are 73 estimated households in Colfax with an average of 3.63 persons per household. The city has a median household income of $114,375. Approximately N/A of the city's population lives at or below the [[Poverty in the United States|poverty line]]. Colfax has an estimated 56.5% employment rate, with 56.7% of the population holding a bachelor's degree or higher and 99.4% holding a high school diploma.

The top five reported ancestries (people were allowed to report up to two ancestries, thus the figures will generally add to more than 100%) were English (99.2%), Spanish (0.0%), Indo-European (0.8%), Asian and Pacific Islander (0.0%), and Other (0.0%).

The median age in the city was 37.5 years.

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 172 people, 58 households, and 49 families residing in the city.<ref>{{Cite web|title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: Household Type |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Colfax%20city,%20North%20Dakota%20P16 |access-date=May 25, 2025 |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> The [[population density]] was {{convert|170.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|60.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.58% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.58% from some other races and 2.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 1.16% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web|title=How many people live in Colfax city, North Dakota |url=https://data.usatoday.com/census/total-population/total-population-change/colfax-city-north-dakota/160-3815180/ |access-date=May 25, 2025 |publisher=USA Today}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 121 people, 46 households, and 36 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|118.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|47.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 46 households, of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.7% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 37.4 years. 28.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 33.8% were from 25 to 44; 19.8% were from 45 to 64; and 13.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.4% male and 44.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 91 people, 40 households, and 28 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|102.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|49.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 1.10% of the population.

There were 40 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,333, and the median income for a family was $55,833. Males had a median income of $28,333 versus $25,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,635. There were no families and 7.0% of the population living below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 12.5% of those over 64.

