==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 589
|1920= 861
|1930= 1005
|1940= 1005
|1950= 910
|1960= 1101
|1970= 956
|1980= 1591
|1990= 1253
|2000= 1199
|2010= 1175
|2020= 1192
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 1,199 people, 544 households, and 354 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,029.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 572 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,445.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 98.92% White, 0.08% Asian, 0.17% from other races, and 0.83% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.67% of the population.

There were 544 households, out of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were married couples living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.75.

The borough median age of 42 years was more than the county median age of 40 years. The distribution by age group was 20.2% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 25.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $32,850, and the median income for a family was $41,458. Males had a median income of $31,587 versus $22,708 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $18,112. About 6.0% of families and 7.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.5% of those under age 18 and 0.7% of those age 65 or over.

