==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 248
|1900= 281
|1910= 354
|1920= 403
|1930= 509
|1940= 512
|1950= 608
|1960= 948
|1970= 1044
|1980= 1034
|1990= 1181
|2000= 1066
|2010= 1194
|2020= 1315
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Princeton racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3753820&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 23, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 830
| 63.12%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 319
| 24.26%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 2
| 0.15%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 8
| 0.61%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.08%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 54
| 4.11%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 101
| 7.68%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,315 people, 497 households, and 246 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name=2010census>2010 Census Fact Finder Data [https://wayback.archive-it.org/all/20151023151502/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml] Retrieved on September 12, 2013.</ref> of 2010, there were 1,194 people, 502 households, and 320 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,705.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 571 housing units at an average density of {{convert|815.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 67.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 25.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 5.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.9% of the population.

There were 502 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.4 males age 18 and over.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,143, and the median income for a family was $38,063. Males had a median income of $26,726 versus $20,690 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,116. About 26.5% of families and 30.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 56.3% of those under age 18 and 12.5% of those age 65 or over.

