==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 259
| 1930 = 524
| 1940 = 286
| 1950 = 289
| 1960 = 276
| 1970 = 289
| 1980 = 392
| 1990 = 368
| 2000 = 436
| 2010 = 390
| 2020 = 337
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Christine, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Christine%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 27, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 436 people, 140 households, and 116 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|248.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 160 housing units at an average density of {{convert|91.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 78.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 14.91% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.96% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 74.54% of the population.

There were 140 households, out of which 48.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.1% were non-families. 17.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.11 and the average family size was 3.50.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 37.6% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 15.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,333, and the median income for a family was $25,375. Males had a median income of $23,333 versus $13,281 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,465. About 34.5% of families and 38.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 47.4% of those under age 18 and 36.2% of those age 65 or over.

