==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 299
|1920= 314
|1930= 287
|1940= 286
|1950= 296
|1960= 332
|1970= 211
|1980= 157
|1990= 121
|2000= 116
|2010= 136
|2020= 94
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 136 people, 53 households, and 38 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|566.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|341.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 53 households, of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.3% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 34.5 years. 26.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 11% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 17.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.4% male and 45.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 116 people, 63 households, and 22 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|489.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|367.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.86% of the population.

There were 63 households, out of which 17.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 63.5% were non-families. 57.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 31.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.84 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 2.6% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 28.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,357, and the median income for a family was $25,625. Males had a median income of $23,438 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,592. There were 11.1% of families and 23.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 28.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

