==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 312
|1990= 407
|2000= 452
|2010= 470
|2020= 471
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|archivedate=April 26, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Dumas racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2820340&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 21, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|457
|97.03%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|1
|0.21%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|0.21%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|2
|0.42%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|10
|2.12%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''471'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 471 people, 160 households, and 110 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 452 people, 181 households, and 133 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|116.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 192 housing units at an average density of 19.0 inhabitants/km<sup>2</sup> (49.3 inhabitants/mi<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the town was 98.67% White, 0.00% [[African American]], 0.00% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asia]]n, 0.00% Pacific Islander, 1.33% from other races, and 0.00% from two or more races.  1.77% of the population were [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race.

There were 181 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.0% were married couples living together, 7.7% had a woman whose husband does not live with her, and 26.0% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years.  For every 100 females, there were 101.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,250, and the median income for a family was $40,391. Males had a median income of $30,179 versus $20,341 for females. The per capita income for the town was $13,121.  14.0% of the population and 13.0% of families were below the poverty line.  Out of the total people living in poverty, 14.5% were under the age of 18 and 33.3% were 65 or older.

