==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1980 = 71
| 1990 = 42
| 2000 = 46
| 2010 = 38
| 2020 = 50
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 39
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |accessdate=June 4, 2015 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 46 people, 24 households, and 13 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|11.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|6.6|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.65% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.17% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]] and 2.17% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]].

There were 24 households, out of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.8% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.54.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 15.2% under the age of 18, 19.6% from 18 to 24, 17.4% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 155.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 143.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $43,125. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,718. There were 15.4% of families and 23.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 71.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

