==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 318
| 1920 = 823
| 1930 = 1121
| 1940 = 1175
| 1950 = 1205
| 1960 = 1236
| 1970 = 1312
| 1980 = 1464
| 1990 = 1251
| 2000 = 1366
| 2010 = 1825
| 2020 = 1779
| estyear = 2021
| estimate = 1817
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,825 people, 903 households, and 363 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3724.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,001 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2042.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 903 households, of which 14.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 27.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 59.8% were non-families. 39.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the town was 29.9 years. 11.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 27.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.4% were from 25 to 44; 21.8% were from 45 to 64; and 11.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,366 people, 697 households, and 333 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2,785.4|/sqmi|/km2|disp=preunit|inhabitants&nbsp;|inhabitants|abbr=out}}. There were 753 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,535.4|/sqmi|/km2|abbr=out}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.64% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.15% of the population.

There were 697 households, out of which 17.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.1% were non-families. 41.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 15.0% under the age of 18, 17.1% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,771, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $27,188 versus $21,838 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,003. About 12.1% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.2% of those under age 18 and 5.9% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="GR2" />

