==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 279
|1920= 247
|1930= 279
|1940= 263
|1950= 255
|1960= 266
|1970= 213
|1980= 171
|1990= 157
|2000= 287
|2010= 255
|2020= 280
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 287 people, 101 households, and 76 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|83.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 107 housing units at an average density of {{convert|31.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 71.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 28.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.70% of the population.

There were 101 households, out of which 37.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.8% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.38.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 33.1% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 8.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,875, and the median income for a family was $61,094. Males had a median income of $26,750 versus $22,100 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,831. About 5.3% of families and 5.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.1% of those 65 or over.

