==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 548
|1870= 860
|1880= 740
|1890= 720
|1900= 726
|1910= 776
|1920= 700
|1930= 722
|1940= 729
|1950= 672
|1960= 646
|1970= 692
|1980= 729
|1990= 764
|2000= 715
|2010= 826
|2020= 842
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 826 people, 325 households, and 202 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2117.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 380 housing units at an average density of {{convert|974.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 325 households, of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.8% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the town was 38.2 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.9% were from 25 to 44; 23.8% were from 45 to 64; and 16.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.0% male and 54.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 715 people, 273 households, and 190 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,868.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 301 housing units at an average density of {{convert|786.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.42% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.24% of the population.

There were 273 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,833, and the median income for a family was $34,545. Males had a median income of $32,396 versus $18,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,101. About 14.4% of families and 17.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.4% of those under age 18 and 4.4% of those age 65 or over.

