==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 345
|1950= 289
|1960= 314
|1970= 320
|1980= 407
|1990= 311
|2000= 304
|2010= 260
|2020= 246
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 246 people, 120 households, and 76 families in Ten Sleep.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Ten%20Sleep%20town,%20Wyoming%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 1,344.3 per square mile (519.0/km{{sup|2}}). There were 146 housing units at an average density of 797.8 per square mile (308.0/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Ten%20Sleep%20town,%20Wyoming%20dp1 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=December 30, 2023 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 97.56% (240) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (97.15% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.81% (2) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.41% (1) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.22% (3) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Ten%20Sleep%20town,%20Wyoming%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.81% (2) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Ten%20Sleep%20town,%20Wyoming%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 120 households, 28.3% had children under the age of 18; 47.5% were married couples living together; 24.2% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 30.8% of households consisted of individuals and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 1.9 and the average family size was 2.5.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Ten%20Sleep%20town,%20Wyoming%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 20.3% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Ten%20Sleep%20town,%20Wyoming%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

19.5% of the population was under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 18.7% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 34.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.6 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 83.3 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $36,324 (with a margin of error of +/- $22,038) and the median family income was $66,786 (+/- $14,350).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Ten%20Sleep%20town,%20Wyoming%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $43,125 (+/- $31,607) versus $18,750 (+/- $12,426) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $25,000 (+/- $9,389).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Ten%20Sleep%20town,%20Wyoming%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 10.0% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 39.5% of those under the age of 18 and 8.2% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Ten%20Sleep%20town,%20Wyoming%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Ten%20Sleep%20town,%20Wyoming%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 260 people, 133 households, and 76 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1444.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 157 housing units at an average density of {{convert|872.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 133 households, of which 17.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.55.

The median age in the town was 54.3 years. 17.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 30.8% were from 45 to 64; and 28.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 304 people, 142 households, and 83 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,789.7 people per square mile (690.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 158 housing units at an average density of 930.2 per square mile (358.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 99.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.66% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.66% of the population.

There were 142 households, out of which 20.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.5% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.0% under the age of 18, 2.3% from 18 to 24, 19.4% from 25 to 44, 33.2% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,250, and the median income for a family was $30,357. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,761. About 2.8% of families and 7.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.8% of those 65 or over.

