==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= right
|1880|500
|2010|192
|2020|186
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>}}
|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 186 people, 92 households, and 71 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 105.8 inhabitants per square mile (40.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 95 housing units at an average density of 54.0 per square mile (20.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 97.8% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.6% of the population.

Of the 92 households, 13.0% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% were cohabitating couples, 16.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 6.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 22.8% of all households were non-families. 18.5% of all households were made up of individuals, 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 55.5 years. 11.3% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.8% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 12.4% were from 25 and 44; 53.2% were from 45 and 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 64.5% male and 35.5% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 192 people, 83 households, and 62 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|107.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|52|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. 1.0% of the population were [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] and 1.0% of the population were [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 83 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.3% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the city was 49.2 years. 3.6% of residents were under the age of 5; 7.8% were between the ages of 15 and 19; 4.7% were from 25 to 29; 14.1% were from 45 to 49; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.6% male and 46.4% female.

