==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 176
|1920= 223
|1930= 221
|1940= 254
|1950= 237
|1960= 164
|1970= 180
|1980= 239
|1990= 313
|2000= 451
|2010= 572
|2020= 629
|estyear=2021
|estimate=656
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 24, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 24, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 572 people, 245 households, and 171 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|133.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 401 housing units at an average density of {{convert|93.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 245 households, of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.2% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 47.7 years. 18.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.4% were from 25 to 44; 35.2% were from 45 to 64; and 19.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 451 people, 190 households, and 133 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|102.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 323 housing units at an average density of {{convert|73.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. 42.8% were of [[germans|German]], 23.7% [[norwegians|Norwegian]] and 7.7% [[swedish people|Swedish]] ancestry.

There were 190 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.5% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 32.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,188, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $18,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,612.  About 10.2% of families and 12.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.8% of those under age 18 and 4.1% of those age 65 or over.

