==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 318
| 1940 = 315
| 1950 = 344
| 1960 = 274
| 1970 = 272
| 1980 = 339
| 1990 = 279
| 2000 = 343
| 2010 = 302
| 2020 = 320
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 302 people, 130 households, and 87 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|296.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|147.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 74.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 17.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 8.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 130 households, of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.1% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the village was 41.7 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 343 people, 126 households, and 90 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 337.7 people per square mile (129.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 135 housing units at an average density of 132.9 per square mile (51.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 78.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.87% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 16.62% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.37% from two or more races. 0.00% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 126 households, out of which 42.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.2% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $34,167, and the median income for a family was $36,563. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,285. 6.6% of the population and 3.4% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 9.0% of those under the age of 18 and 23.5% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

