==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 98 people, 38 households, and 28 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|395.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|193.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.04% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.20% of the population.

There were 38 households, out of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 71.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $33,333. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,000. About 8.3% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.5% of those under age 18 and 0.0% of those age 65 or over.{{clear left}}

