==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1920= 190
|1930= 146
|1940= 172
|1950= 154
|1960= 121
|1970= 122
|1980= 132
|1990= 127
|2000= 156
|2010= 139
|2020= 125
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 139 people, 60 households, and 39 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|448.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|232.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 87.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 60 households, of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the village was 42.6 years. 18.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 20.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 156 people, 59 households, and 42 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,278.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|508.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.49% from two or more races.

There were 59 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.8% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the town the population was spread out, with 30.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $27,083. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,311. About 13.3% of families and 15.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

