==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 172
| 1890 = 458
| 1900 = 330
| 1910 = 363
| 1920 = 398
| 1930 = 316
| 1940 = 436
| 1950 = 440
| 1960 = 328
| 1970 = 462
| 1980 = 505
| 1990 = 490
| 2000 = 694
| 2010 = 812
| 2020 = 784
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 857
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 694 people, 277 households and 193 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|424.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 294 housing units at an average density of {{convert|179.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.10% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.43% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2.16% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.15% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.01% from two or more races. 0.72% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 277 households, of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.00.

27.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $30,809 and the median family income was $35,909. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $20,446 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,051. About 7.9% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.2% of those under age 18 and 28.4% of those age 65 or over.

