==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 250
|1910= 228
|1920= 258
|1930= 221
|1940= 219
|1950= 208
|1960= 177
|1970= 149
|1980= 155
|1990= 122
|2000= 122
|2010= 116
|2020= 90
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 116 people, 48 households, and 28 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|483.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|229.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 6.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.6% of the population.

There were 48 households, of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.7% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the village was 45 years. 20.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.7% were from 25 to 44; 37.1% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 122 people, 49 households, and 31 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|515.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|241.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.82% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. Other races including [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanics]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latinos]] were 3.28% of the population.

There were 49 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.9% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $31,429 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,255. There were 10.3% of families and 14.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 6.8% of under eighteens and 23.5% of those over 64.

