==Demographics==
In August 1906 the town had a population of about 1,000; and a year later, it reached around 1,500.<ref name="nrhp"/> 
{{US Census population
|1910= 750
|1920= 1505
|1930= 1500
|1940= 1409
|1950= 1105
|1960= 880
|1970= 871
|1980= 819
|1990= 790
|2000= 791
|2010= 804
|2020= 763
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 804 people, 339 households, and 218 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1869.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 368 housing units at an average density of {{convert|855.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 339 households, of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.7% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 32.9 years. 28.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.7% were from 25 to 44; 21% were from 45 to 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 791 people, 332 households, and 222 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|2,355.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 357 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,063.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.88% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.39% of the population.

There were 332 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.0% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,021, and the median income for a family was $35,385. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $21,964 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,449.  About 11.1% of families and 15.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.1% of those under age 18 and 11.4% of those age 65 or over.

