==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 85
|2020= 129
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 85 people, 35 households, and 22 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|85.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|41.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.9% of the population.

There were 35 households, of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.1% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.18.

The median age in the town was 33.3 years. 29.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.2% were from 25 to 44; 17.7% were from 45 to 64; and 16.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 55.3% male and 44.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 92 people, 41 households, and 25 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|91.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|43.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.09% of the population.

There were 41 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 34.8% from 25 to 44, 17.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $31,563. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $35,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,626. There were 21.4% of families and 23.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 19.0% of under eighteens and 23.1% of those over 64.

