==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 215
|1870= 212
|1880= 227
|1890= 241
|1900= 203
|1910= 217
|1920= 188
|1930= 194
|1940= 196
|1950= 211
|1960= 243
|1970= 241
|1980= 236
|1990= 203
|2000= 200
|2010= 219
|2020= 215
|estyear=2021
|estimate=216
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]] there were 219 people, 82 households, and 61 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|199.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of 80 per square mile (31.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 96.3% White, 0.5% American Indian, 0.9% Asian and 2.3% two or more races.<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2011-05-14|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
There were 82 households, 37.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were married couples living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.6% were non-families. 23.2% of households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.02.

The age distribution was 26% under the age of 18, 58.5% from 18 to 64, and 15.5% 65 or older. The median age was 39.6 years.

The median household income was $42,813 and the median family income  was $48,125. Males had a median income of $45,521 versus $23,750 for females. The per capita income for the borough was $22,699. About 20.5% of families and 18.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.4% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those sixty five or over.

===2000===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 200 people, 76 households, and 55 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|322.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|137.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 100.00% White.<ref name="GR2" />
There were 76 households, 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.9% were married couples living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 21.1% of households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.93.

The age distribution was 25.5% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 27.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% 65 or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 108.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.7 males.

The median household income was $35,000 and the median family income  was $41,750. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $20,179 for females. The per capita income for the borough was $15,181. About 7.5% of families and 11.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 14.3% of those sixty five or over.

