==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 162
|1940= 202
|1950= 212
|1960= 180
|1970= 149
|1980= 155
|1990= 144
|2000= 118
|2010= 167
|2020= 162
|estyear=2022
|estimate=166
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=April 5, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=April 5, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 167 people, 74 households, and 51 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|256.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|130.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 6.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 74 households, of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.1% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the city was 50.2 years. 19.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 36% were from 45 to 64; and 19.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.9% male and 46.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 118 people, 53 households, and 38 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|259.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|147.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.31% White, 0.85% Native American, and 0.85% from two or more races. 23.5% were of [[germans|German]], 23.5% [[norwegians|Norwegian]], 11.8% [[French people|French]], 8.8% [[Pennsylvania Dutch|Pennsylvania German]] and 5.9% [[Scottish people|Scottish]] ancestry.

There were 53 households, out of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were married couples living together, 17.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.3% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.58.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.9% under the age of 18, 12.7% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 23.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,083, and the median income for a family was $29,375. Males had a median income of $40,625 versus $15,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,702. There were no families and 12.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 29.4% of those over 64.

