==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 278
|1880= 202
|1890= 466
|1900= 654
|1910= 731
|1920= 685
|1930= 775
|1940= 570
|1950= 531
|1960= 517
|1970= 634
|1980= 636
|1990= 640
|2000= 797
|2010= 869
|2020= 865
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 797 people, 305 households, and 214 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|772.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 328 housing units at an average density of {{convert|317.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 64.87% [[White American|White]], 31.12% [[African American]], 0.50% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.25% [[Asian American|Asian]], 0.75% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#Race|other races]], and 2.51% from [[Multiracial American|two or more races]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics or Latinos]] of any race were 1.25% of the population.

There were 305 households, out of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.95.

The age distribution was 25.7% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,143, and the median income for a family was $30,568. Males had a median income of $28,250 versus $18,194 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,663. About 20.5% of families and 24.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.1% of those under age 18 and 21.4% of those age 65 or over.

