==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 555
|2010= 602
|2020= 425
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 555 people, 194 households, and 149 families in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|294.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 281 housing units at an average density of {{convert|149.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 67% White, 1% Black or African American, 1% Native American, 1% Asian, 25% from other races, and 6% from two or more races.  51% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
Of the 194 households 37% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66% were married couples living together, 7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23% were non-families. 18% of households were one person and 9% were one person aged 65 or older.  The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.25.

The age distribution was 30% under the age of 18, 8% from 18 to 24, 26% from 25 to 44, 19% from 45 to 64, and 17% 65 or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.4 males.

The median household income was $25,556 and the median family income  was $26,354. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $23,750 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $11,197.  About 22% of families and 25% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34% of those under age 18 and 14% of those age 65 or over.

