==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 300
|1930= 509
|1940= 529
|1950= 542
|1960= 615
|1970= 505
|1980= 595
|1990= 529
|2000= 454
|2010= 401
|2020= 403
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}
As of 2000 the median income for a household in the town was $22,679, and the median income for a family was $34,479. Males had a median income of $22,813 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,253. About 9.7% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.5% of those under age 18 and 5.6% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 401 people, 198 households, and 110 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|911.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 247 housing units at an average density of {{convert|561.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 198 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.4% were non-families. 40.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the town was 49.4 years. 19.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 to 44; 37.2% were from 45 to 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

