==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 1001
|2010= 871
|2020= 805
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020 |url=https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census, the borough was 97.2% White, 0.8% Black or African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.1% Asian, and 0.3% were two or more races. 1.4% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |title=Census 2010: Pennsylvania |publisher=Usatoday.Com |access-date=2013-07-22}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,001 people, 323 households, and 264 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,220.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 329 housing units at an average density of {{convert|729.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 99.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.80% of the population.

There were 323 households, out of which 48.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.0% were non-families. 13.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.08 and the average family size was 3.45.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 32.5% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 35.3% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 6.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 111.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.0 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $62,250, and the median income for a family was $68,594. Males had a median income of $42,431 versus $29,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $23,814. About 2.6% of families and 2.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.3% of those under age 18 and 14.8% of those age 65 or over.

