==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1970= 177
|1980= 192
|1990= 189
|2000= 192
|2010= 184
|2020= 221
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br />2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 192 people, 82 households, and 56 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|170.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|80.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.54% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 11.46% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]].

There were 82 households, out of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,500, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $43,750 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,106. About 15.2% of families and 14.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.7% of those under the age of 18 and 5.4% of those 65 or over.

