==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 210
| 1940 = 233
| 1950 = 209
| 1960 = 163
| 1970 = 182
| 1980 = 194
| 1990 = 160
| 2000 = 156
| 2010 = 117
| 2020 = 113
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 114
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

According to the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 156 people, 64 households, and 44 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 118.1/km{{sup|2}} (305.3/mi{{sup|2}}). There were 74 housing units at an average density of 56.0/km{{sup|2}} (144.8/mi{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the town was 93.59% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 5.77% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 0.64% of people with two or more races. 0.00% of the population was [[Hispanics in the United States|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]].

There were 64 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female head of the household with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.02.

The age of the local population was spread out—with 26.3% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,750 and the median income for a family was $24,583. Males had a median income of $14,583, versus $13,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,191. About 7.3% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.2% of those 65 or over.

