==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 206
|1940= 271
|1950= 358
|1960= 335
|1970= 316
|1980= 329
|1990= 229
|2000= 257
|2010= 238
|2020= 246
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 238 people, 121 households, and 61 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|517.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 136 housing units at an average density of {{convert|295.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 121 households, of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 49.6% were non-families. 43.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the city was 46.6 years. 18.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.5% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 25.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.1% male and 47.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 257 people, 124 households, and 71 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|559.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 135 housing units at an average density of {{convert|293.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.78% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.28% of the population.

There were 124 households, out of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.7% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 23.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,458, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $29,205 versus $19,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,881.  About 9.7% of families and 14.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.7% of those 65 or over.

