==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 211
|1920= 173
|1930= 169
|1940= 190
|1950= 252
|1960= 215
|1970= 200
|1980= 138
|1990= 123
|2000= 92
|2010= 82
|2020= 46
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 21, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|accessdate=September 21, 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2013|url-status=dead}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 82 people, 37 households, and 25 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|126.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|73.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.2% from two or more races.

There were 37 households, of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the town was 50.7 years. 19.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.3% were from 25 to 44; 31.7% were from 45 to 64; and 26.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 92 people, 41 households, and 23 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|142.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|88.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 41 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.5% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 1.1% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 119.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 127.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,000, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $22,083 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,621. There were 16.7% of families and 21.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 42.9% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

