==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 86
|2020= 111
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Salmon Creek first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Salmon Creek had a population of 111. The population density was {{convert|99.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Salmon Creek was 79 (71.2%) [[White Americans|White]], 1 (0.9%) [[African Americans|African American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 2 (1.8%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 11 (9.9%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 18 (16.2%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 18 persons (16.2%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Salmon Creek CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0664252 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=July 3, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 47 households, out of which 4 (8.5%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 18 (38.3%) were married-couple households, 4 (8.5%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 12 (25.5%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 13 (27.7%) had a male householder with no partner present. 18 households (38.3%) were one person, and 8 (17.0%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.36.<ref name=DP1/> There were 23 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (48.9% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Salmon Creek CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0664252 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=July 3, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 10 people (9.0%) under the age of 18, 6 people (5.4%) aged 18 to 24, 15 people (13.5%) aged 25 to 44, 36 people (32.4%) aged 45 to 64, and 44 people (39.6%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 58.8{{nbsp}}years. There were 57 males and 54 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|99.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 47 (42.3%) were occupied. Of these, 24 (51.1%) were owner-occupied, and 23 (48.9%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

