==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 419
|1900= 476
|1910= 439
|1920= 527
|1930= 366
|1940= 370
|1950= 354
|1960= 366
|1970= 404
|1980= 533
|1990= 472
|2000= 465
|2010= 416
|2020= 417
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 416 people, 173 households and 110 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|650.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 199 housing units at an average density of {{convert|310.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.8% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]], 0.5% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|African American]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 173 households, of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were married couples living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age was 38 years. 26.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2"/> there were 465 people, 204 households and 125 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|724.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 213 housing units at an average density of {{convert|332.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 97.63% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]], 0.22% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Native American]], 0.22% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Asian]], 0.22% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|other races]], and 1.72% from two or more races. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Latino]] of any race were 1.51% of the population.

There were 204 households, of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were married couples living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 36.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.98.

26.7% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.7 males.

The [[median household income]] was $30,156 and the median family income was $45,125. Males had a median income of $29,250 and females $21,953. The [[per capita income]] was $13,690. About 8.8% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 14.7% of those under age 18 and 18.0% of those age 65 or over.

