==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 709
|1890= 921
|1900= 906
|1910= 808
|1920= 973
|1930= 972
|1940= 1112
|1950= 1168
|1960= 1201
|1970= 1217
|1980= 1229
|1990= 1158
|2000= 1190
|2010= 1093
|2020= 1120
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,093 people, 451 households, and 271 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1051.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 521 housing units at an average density of {{convert|501.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.2% of the population.

There were 451 households, of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.9% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 41.8 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.7% were from 25 to 44; 21.8% were from 45 to 64; and 24% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 43.7% male and 56.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,190 people, 496 households, and 312 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,670.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 532 housing units at an average density of {{convert|746.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.54% of the population.

There were 496 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.9% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $41,477. Males had a median income of $31,442 versus $28,472 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,178.  About 11.7% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.2% of those under age 18 and 12.9% of those age 65 or over.

