==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 246
| 1930 = 262
| 1940 = 313
| 1950 = 366
| 1960 = 398
| 1970 = 380
| 1980 = 545
| 1990 = 510
| 2000 = 517
| 2010 = 516
| 2020 = 498
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Adell village, Wisconsin – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Adell village, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US5500450&tid=DECENNIALSF12000.P004|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Adell village, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US5500450&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!{{partial|Pop 2020}}<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Adell village, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US5500450&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!% 2000
!% 2010
!{{partial|% 2020}}
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|494
|477
|style='background: #ffffe6; |440
|95.55%
|92.44%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |88.35%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|0
|1
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1
|0.00%
|0.19%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.20%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|1
|1
|style='background: #ffffe6; |2
|0.19%
|0.19%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.40%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|2
|10
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4
|0.39%
|1.94%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.80%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|1
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.19%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.60%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|7
|9
|style='background: #ffffe6; |15
|1.35%
|1.74%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3.01%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|12
|18
|style='background: #ffffe6; |33
|2.32%
|3.49%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |6.63%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''517'''
|'''516'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''498'''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 516 people, 210 households and 146 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|921.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 224 housing units at an average density of {{convert|400.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.5% of the population.

There were 210 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.5% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 41.3 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.1% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 517 people, 207 households and 144 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,019.5 per square mile (391.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 216 housing units at an average density of 426.0 per square mile (163.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.32% of the population.

There were 207 households, of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.97.

25.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.8 males.

The [[median household income]] was $51,000 and the median family income was $55,179. Males had a median income of $40,104 and females $24,659. The [[per capita income]] was $21,166. About 2.8% of families and 3.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

