==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 217
|1870= 115
|1880= 209
|1960= 166
|1970= 185
|1980= 140
|1990= 211
|2000= 347
|2010= 724
|2020= 796
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014|archive-date=May 22, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=May 12, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150512074548/http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/08000.html|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2000, there were 347 people, 148 households, and 97 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|339.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 160 housing units at an average density of {{convert|156.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.35% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 5.76% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.73% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.86% from two or more races. 0.58% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 148 households, out of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 11.2% from 18 to 24, 33.1% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $29,107 versus $18,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,747. About 13.3% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.0% of those under age 18 and 32.1% of those age 65 or over.

