==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 432
| 1910 = 671
| 1920 = 858
| 1930 = 699
| 1940 = 825
| 1950 = 785
| 1960 = 721
| 1970 = 659
| 1980 = 696
| 1990 = 644
| 2000 = 667
| 2010 = 699
| 2020 = 676
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 699 people, 279 households, and 184 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|699.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 331 housing units at an average density of {{convert|331.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 279 households, of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.1% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 37.8 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 16.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 667 people, 290 households, and 185 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 632.9 people per square mile (245.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 319 housing units at an average density of 302.7 per square mile (117.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.20% of the population.

There were 290 households, out of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.0% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 21.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,068, and the median income for a family was $34,286. Males had a median income of $28,583 versus $17,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,265. About 12.9% of families and 16.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.5% of those under age 18 and 9.4% of those age 65 or over.

