==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 196
|1910= 435
|1920= 415
|1930= 497
|1940= 524
|1950= 327
|1960= 215
|1970= 262
|1980= 260
|1990= 250
|2000= 208
|2010= 203
|2020= 178
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br />2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Waterloo racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0180064&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 16, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|174
|97.75%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.56%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|2
|1.12%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|1
|0.56%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 178 people, 68 households, and 43 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
In the 2000 US [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 208 people, 94 households, and 67 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|273.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 145 housing units at an average density of {{convert|190.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.12% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.44% from two or more races. 1.44% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 94 households, out of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.7% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.60.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.3% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 29.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,536, and the median income for a family was $31,000. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,167. About 11.3% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 19.0% of those 65 or over.

