==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 585
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 6,190 people, 1,822 households, and 1,517 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|530.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,994 housing units at an average density of {{convert|170.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 48.93% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 43.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 4.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.45% of the population.

There were 1,822 households, out of which 50.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.7% were non-families. 13.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.40 and the average family size was 3.71.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 36.4% under the age of 18, 11.2% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 6.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $45,000, and the median income for a family was $45,491. Males had a median income of $41,014 versus $21,146 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,053. About 12.5% of families and 14.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.6% of those under age 18 and 9.607% of those age 65 or over.

