==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 762
|1890= 1270
|1900= 1950
|1910= 2059
|1920= 2574
|1930= 2792
|1940= 3549
|1950= 3795
|1960= 3926
|1970= 3739
|1980= 3716
|1990= 3922
|2000= 4335
|2010= 4362
|2020 = 4504
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=August 22, 2014}}</ref><br />2014 Estimate<ref name="2014 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 7, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead|df=mdy-all}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5582925">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Viroqua city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5582925&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=8 July 2022}}</ref> the population was 4,504. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,033.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,231 housing units at an average density of {{convert|512.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 4.2% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 2.2% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

According  to the [[American Community Survey]] estimates for 2016–2020, the median income for a household in the city was $38,849, and the median income for a family was $55,075. Male full-time workers had a median income of $52,742 versus $39,178 for female workers. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $23,884. About 15.9% of families and 18.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.5% of those under age 18 and 25.8% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="2020-EconChar-5582925">{{cite web|title=Selected Economic Characteristics, 2020 American Community Survey: Viroqua city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5582925&y=2020&d=ACS%205-Year%20Estimates%20Data%20Profiles&tid=ACSDP5Y2020.DP03 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=21 December 2022}}</ref> Of the population age 25 and over, 94.3% were high school graduates or higher and 25.5% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020-SocChar-5582925">{{cite web|title=Selected Social Characteristics, 2020 American Community Survey: Viroqua city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5582925&y=2020&d=ACS%205-Year%20Estimates%20Data%20Profiles&tid=ACSDP5Y2020.DP02 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=21 December 2022}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 4,362 people, 2,029 households, and 1,059 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1147.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,208 housing units at an average density of {{convert|581.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 2,029 households, of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.8% were non-families. 43.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the city was 45 years. 21.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 23.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.1% male and 53.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 4,335 people, 1,990 households, and 1,112 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,327.3 people per square mile (511.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 2,105 housing units at an average density of 644.5 per square mile (248.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.46% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.39% from two or more races. 0.69% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,990 households, out of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.1% were non-families. 39.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.4% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 26.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.8 males.

