==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 72
|1920= 112
|1930= 101
|1940= 132
|1950= 150
|1960= 191
|1970= 179
|1980= 139
|1990= 128
|2000= 137
|2010= 108
|2020= 84
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 108 people, 49 households, and 30 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|308.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.3% of the population.

There were 49 households, of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.8% were non-families. 38.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.3% were from 25 to 44; 30.6% were from 45 to 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 137 people, 58 households, and 44 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|386.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|166.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 134 [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] people and 3 [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] people. There are no blacks or Hispanics.

There were 58 households, out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.1% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.64.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 13.9% from 45 to 64, and 25.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,563, and the median income for a family was $32,750. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,300. There were 4.1% of families and 7.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 5.6% of under eighteen and none of those over 64.

