==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 229
|1900= 258
|1910= 274
|1920= 278
|1930= 238
|1940= 218
|1950= 120
|1960= 103
|1970= 96
|1980= 82
|1990= 47
|2000= 49
|2010= 38
|2020= 46
|estyear=2021
|estimate=48
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 38 people, 21 households, and 8 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|237.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|181.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 21 households, of which 9.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 61.9% were non-families. 52.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.81 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 55.5 years. 13.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.8% were from 25 to 44; 31.5% were from 45 to 64; and 36.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 44.7% male and 55.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 49 people, 25 households, and 11 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|295.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|156.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.04% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 25 households, out of which 12.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 56.0% were non-families. 48.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 16.3% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 18.4% from 25 to 44, 32.7% from 45 to 64, and 28.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $17,500, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $22,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,627. There were no families and 4.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 13.3% of those over 64.

