==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 88
|1920= 99
|1930= 77
|1940= 94
|1950= 93
|1960= 91
|1970= 75
|1980= 52
|1990= 42
|2000= 26
|2010= 47
|2020= 31
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 47 people, 18 households, and 16 families living in the community. The [[population density]] was {{convert|156.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|100.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of Louisburg was 93.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 18 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.1% were non-families. 11.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the community was 46.3 years. 27.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.8% were from 25 to 44; 34.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 26 people, 13 households and 7 families living in the community. The population density was {{convert|85.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|94.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the hamlet was 96.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.85% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 13 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 38.5% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.63.

19.2% of the population was under the age of 18, 15.4% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 38.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 136.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $18,750, and the median family income was $24,375. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $35,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for residents of Louisburg was $14,535. None of the population or the families were below the [[poverty line]].

