==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|136
|1910|163
|1920|201
|1930|277
|1940|290
|1950|283
|1960|302
|1970|333
|1980|368
|1990|305
|2000|317
|2010|283
|2020|269
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 269 people, 140 households, and 76 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 611.8 inhabitants per square mile (236.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 150 housing units at an average density of 341.1 per square mile (131.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 88.5% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 1.5% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 7.1% from other races and 3.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 8.6% of the population.

Of the 140 households, 25.7% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% were cohabitating couples, 20.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 25.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 45.7% of all households were non-families. 38.6% of all households were made up of individuals, 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 41.8 years. 21.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 1.5% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 29.7% were from 25 and 44; 24.2% were from 45 and 64; and 23.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 283 people, 143 households, and 79 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|589.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|347.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 143 households, of which 20.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.8% were non-families. 39.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.98 and the average family size was 2.53.

The median age in the city was 48.6 years. 18% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.7% were from 45 to 64; and 24% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 317 people, 154 households, and 79 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|663.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 180 housing units at an average density of {{convert|376.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city is 99.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 154 households, out of which 20.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.7% were non-families. 43.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 29.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,779, and the median income for a family was $35,156. Males had a median income of $30,179 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,818. About 10.1% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.3% of those under the age of 18 and 20.7% of those ages 65 and older.

