==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 285
|1890= 837
|1900= 708
|1910= 848
|1920= 949
|1930= 1185
|1940= 1302
|1950= 1244
|1960= 1237
|1970= 1387
|1980= 1625
|1990= 1579
|2000= 1470
|2010= 1546
|2020= 1239
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 30, 2014}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 15, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2014|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,546 people, 634 households, and 410 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1546.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 723 housing units at an average density of {{convert|723.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.91% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.03% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.65% of the population.

There were 634 households, of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the city was 37.2 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.9% were from 25 to 44; 26.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,470 people, 586 households, and 420 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,477.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 660 housing units at an average density of {{convert|663.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.20% of the population.

There were 586 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.3% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 95.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,583, and the median income for a family was $30,294. Males had a median income of $25,781 versus $18,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,150. About 14.7% of families and 20.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.4% of those under age 18 and 14.7% of those age 65 or over.

