==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 752
|1870= 814
|1880= 834
|1890= 795
|1900= 712
|1910= 720
|1920= 566
|1930= 600
|1940= 671
|1950= 723
|1960= 1194
|1970= 1396
|1980= 1471
|1990= 1444
|2000= 1282
|2010= 1313
|2020= 1233
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 1209
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,313 people, 545 households, and 338 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1930.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 599 housing units at an average density of {{convert|880.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 545 households, of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.0% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the village was 41.2 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 19.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,282 people, 556 households, and 351 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,757.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 604 housing units at an average density of {{convert|828.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.16% from two or more races. 0.23% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 556 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 22.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 87.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,798, and the median income for a family was $39,853. Males had a median income of $35,556 versus $19,196 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,597. 9.8% of the population and 8.4% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. 10.9% of those under the age of 18 and 10.1% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

