==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 181
|1910= 165
|1920= 202
|1930= 214
|1940= 196
|1950= 154
|1960= 100
|1970= 117
|1980= 171
|1990= 109
|2000= 118
|2010= 94
|2020= 82
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 94 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 75.5% White, 16.0% Black, 4.3% Native American, 1.1% Asian and 3.2% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 118 people, 42 households, and 33 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|179.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|71.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 82.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.02% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 5.93% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.85% of the population.

There were 42 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.4% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.0% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 118.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,938, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $25,313 versus $24,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,513. There were 21.4% of families and 35.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.{{clear left}}

