==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 201
|1930= 262
|1940= 223
|1950= 219
|1960= 198
|1970= 125
|1980= 133
|1990= 153
|2000= 139
|2010= 106
|2020= 102
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 106 people, 46 households, and 28 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|623.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 64 housing units at an average density of {{convert|376.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 89.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.5% of the population.

There were 46 households, of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.1% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the village was 39.5 years. 29.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.7% were from 25 to 44; 33% were from 45 to 64; and 12.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 139 people, 57 households, and 38 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|809.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 69 housing units at an average density of {{convert|401.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.72% from two or more races.

There were 57 households, out of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.5 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $43,000, and the median income for a family was $50,625. Males had a median income of $30,750 versus $15,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $22,813. There were 5.9% of families and 4.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 5.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

