==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 468
|1890= 686
|1900= 642
|1910= 659
|1920= 619
|1930= 606
|1940= 552
|1950= 545
|1960= 545
|1970= 616
|1980= 540
|1990= 494
|2000= 548
|2010= 651
|2020= 653
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 548 people, 234 households, and 147 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|800.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 250 housing units at an average density of {{convert|365.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.94% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.73% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.64% of the population.

There were 234 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.8% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,500, and the median income for a family was $38,472. Males had a median income of $28,409 versus $19,565 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,459. About 14.4% of families and 14.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.3% of those under age 18 and 19.3% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear}}

