==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2010 = 229
| 2020 = 261
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 229 people living in the township. The population density was {{convert|27.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,617 housing units at an average density of {{convert|56.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the township was 98.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.44% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.44% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.31% of the population.

The gender gap of the town was almost split evenly, with females accounting for 53.71% and males for 46.29% of the population.

In the township the population was spread out, with 11.79% under the age of 18, 45.85% from 18 to 64, and 42.36% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.0 males.

The median income for a household in the township was $46,719, and the median income for a family was $58,571. Males had a median income of $35,114 versus $30,179 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the township was $29,070. About 1.5% of families and 5.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.0% of those under age 18 and 2.0% of those age 65 or over.

