==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 329
| 1920 = 324
| 1930 = 249
| 1940 = 267
| 1950 = 252
| 1960 = 219
| 1970 = 232
| 1980 = 233
| 1990 = 220
| 2000 = 311
| 2010 = 292
| 2020 = 258
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 292 people, 119 households, and 73 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|584.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 129 housing units at an average density of {{convert|258.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 119 households, of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.7% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.14.

The median age in the village was 35 years. 30.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 11.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 311 people, 118 households, and 71 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 626.8 people per square mile (240.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 128 housing units at an average density of 258.0 per square mile (98.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 96.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.32% of the population.

There were 118 households, out of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.49.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.8% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 15.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,643, and the median income for a family was $28,333. Males had a median income of $25,714 versus $23,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,298. About 5.9% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.2% of those under age 18 and 16.7% of those age 65 or over.

