==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = Sources: <ref name="GR2"/><ref name="2020 Census"/>
|align=left
| 2000 = 5116
| 2010 = 5919
| 2020 = 5262
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 5,116 people, 1,893 households, and 1,385 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 2,043.1 people per square mile (790.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,965 housing units at an average density of 784.7/sq&nbsp;mi (303.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 85.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.3% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.6% of the population.

There were 1,893 households, out of which 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $42,571, and the median income for a family was $50,012. Males had a median income of $35,291 versus $27,635 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,834. About 7.1% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.0% of those under the age of 18 and 2.8% of those 65 and older.

