==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 635
|1900= 672
|1910= 538
|1920= 571
|1930= 424
|1940= 521
|1950= 576
|1960= 606
|1970= 570
|1980= 504
|1990= 560
|2000= 575
|2010= 602
|2020= 511
|footnote=[https://web.archive.org/web/20060208103743/http://www.census.gov:80/prod/www/abs/decennial/ U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 602 people, 239 households, and 156 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|614.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 253 housing units at an average density of {{convert|258.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 239 households, of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.7% were non-families. Nearly 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52, and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the city was 35 years. Nearly 28.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.6% were from 25 to 44; 20.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.7% male and 47.3% female, and 1% gender neutral, but also consider themselves females.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 575 people, 234 households, and 157 families residing in the city.  The [[population density]] was {{convert|587.7|PD/sqmi}}.  There were 260 housing units, at an average density of {{convert|265.8|/sqmi}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.52% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.70% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.57% of the population. 32.4% were of [[Germans|German]], 17.2% [[Norwegians|Norwegian]], 10.4% American, 7.3% [[Swedish people|Swedish]] and 6.0% [[Irish people|Irish]] ancestry.

There were 234 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. Of those, 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.46, and the average family size was 2.95.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 15.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,000, and the median income for a family was $30,938. Males had a median income of $24,306 versus $21,058 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,448.  About 10.4% of families and 11.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.9% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.

