==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 30
|1990= 30
|2000= 43
|2010= 40
|2020= 26
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Paxson first appeared on the 1980 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 43 people, 21 households, and 11 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. All residents reported that they were [[Race (United States Census)|white]].

There were 21 households, of which six had children under the age of 18 living with them, ten were married couples living together, one had a female householder with no husband present, and nine were non-families. Eight households were made up of individuals, and one had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 11 persons under the age of 18, three from 18 to 24, ten from 25 to 44, 14 from 45 to 64, and five who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. There were 20 females and 21 males (including 12 females and 20 males over age 18).

The median income for a household in the CDP was $46,500, and the median income for a family was $46,667. Males had a median income of $45,625 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,071. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

