==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 442
|1910= 494
|1920= 528
|1930= 535
|1940= 570
|1950= 635
|1960= 639
|1970= 598
|1980= 690
|1990= 611
|2000= 622
|2010= 597
|2020= 564
|estyear=2021
|estimate=579
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 19, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 19, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 12, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 597 people, 251 households, and 139 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1925.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 306 housing units at an average density of {{convert|987.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.7% of the population.

There were 251 households, of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.6% were non-families. 39.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the city was 46.6 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 24.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 622 people, 249 households, and 154 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,131.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 295 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,010.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.13% of the population.

There were 249 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 19.0% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 30.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $38,594 versus $21,354 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,918. About 8.9% of families and 11.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.0% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.

