==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 201
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 169 people, 82 households, and 60 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|120.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 295 housing units at an average density of {{convert|210.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 85.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.78% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.18% of the population.

There were 82 households, out of which 12.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. 19.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.32.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 9.5% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 14.2% from 25 to 44, 37.3% from 45 to 64, and 36.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 57 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $19,750, and the median income for a family was $73,281. Males had a median income of $0 versus $12,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,827. None of the families and 13.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 18.9% of those over 64.

