==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 9862
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 9,316 people, 3,674 households, and 2,584 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|4,689.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,609 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,799.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 72.7% [[European Americans|European American]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 19.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian American]], 0.2% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.8% of the population.

There were 3,501 households, out of which 39.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 6.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $63,958, and the median income for a family was $71,377. Males had a median income of $51,257 versus $34,591 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $30,102. About 4.2% of families and 6.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.3% of those under age 18 and 2.0% of those age 65 or over.

