==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 56
| 1950 = 255
| 1960 = 349
| 1970 = 379
| 1980 = 440
| 1990 = 440
| 2000 = 484
| 2010 = 819
| 2020 = 844
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 819 people, 317 households, and 233 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|810.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 330 housing units at an average density of {{convert|326.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 317 households, of which 41.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.5% were non-families. 17.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the village was 32.1 years. 26.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 35.5% were from 25 to 44; 20.5% were from 45 to 64; and 9.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 484 people, 187 households, and 147 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 730.1 people per square mile (283.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 196 housing units at an average density of 295.7 per square mile (114.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]] and 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. 0.62% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 187 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.9% were non-families. 17.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $51,750, and the median income for a family was $55,227. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $26,591 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,270. About 0.8% of families and 2.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty-five or over.

