==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 259
|1920= 386
|1930= 265
|1940= 272
|1950= 221
|1960= 208
|1970= 202
|1980= 232
|1990= 195
|2000= 209
|2010= 168
|2020= 180
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 168 people, 56 households, and 47 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1400.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|525.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 28.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 65.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 56 households, of which 55.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 33.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 16.1% were non-families. 12.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the town was 28.5 years. 36.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.4% were from 25 to 44; 29.8% were from 45 to 64; and 6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 209 people, 61 households, and 50 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,504.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|525.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 31.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 66.03% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.44% of the population.

There were 61 households, out of which 59.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 24.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.0% were non-families. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.43 and the average family size was 3.86.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 46.4% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 12.9% from 45 to 64, and 6.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,333, and the median income for a family was $24,583. Males had a median income of $21,719 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,695. About 30.6% of families and 36.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 45.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 42.9% of those 65 or over.

