==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 354
|1910= 502
|1920= 305
|1930= 512
|1940= 404
|1950= 537
|1960= 528
|1970= 917
|1980= 717
|1990= 693
|2000= 662
|2010= 682
|2020= 743
| estimate=740
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Population sources:<small> 1900–1920<ref>[https://dspace.njstatelib.org/xmlui/handle/10929/25218?show=full ''Compendium of censuses 1726-1905: together with the tabulated returns of 1905''], [[New Jersey Department of State]], 1906. Accessed July 18, 2013.</ref><br />1900–1910<ref>[https://archive.org/details/cu31924070698315/page/n367 <!-- pg=338 --> ''Thirteenth Census of the United States, 1910: Population by Counties and Minor Civil Divisions, 1910, 1900, 1890''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 338. Accessed February 14, 2013.</ref> 1910–1930<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=kifRAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA718 ''Fifteenth Census of the United States : 1930 - Population Volume I''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 718. Accessed February 14, 2013.</ref><br />1940–2000<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref> 2000<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/><br>2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3403564320 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 for Rocky Hill borough, Somerset County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212104442/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3403564320 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed February 14, 2013.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_som/rockyhill1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Rocky Hill borough]{{Dead link|date=March 2020 |bot=InternetArchiveBot |fix-attempted=yes }}, [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed February 14, 2013.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}

===2010 census===
The [[2010 United States census]] counted 682 people, 280 households, and 189 families in the borough. The [[population density]] was 1,101.4 per square mile (425.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 292 housing units at an average density of 471.6 per square mile (182.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup was 91.64% (625) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 1.47% (10) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.00% (0) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 2.35% (16) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.47% (10) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 3.08% (21) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 4.84% (33) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 280 households, 29.3% had children under the age of 18; 56.4% were married couples living together; 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present and 32.5% were non-families. Of all households, 26.4% were made up of individuals and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.95.<ref name=Census2010/>

23.2% of the population were under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 32.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45.9 years. For every 100 females, the population had 103.0 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 91.2 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

The Census Bureau's 2006–2010 [[American Community Survey]] showed that (in 2010 [[inflation adjustment|inflation-adjusted]] dollars) [[median household income]] was $88,929 (with a margin of error of +/− $14,448) and the median family income was $102,917 (+/− $21,668). Males had a median income of $88,333 (+/− $16,491) versus $57,083 (+/− $7,607) for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $47,582 (+/− $7,276). About none of families and 3.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3403564320 DP03: Selected Economic Characteristics from the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Rocky Hill borough, Somerset County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212084713/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3403564320 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed February 14, 2013.</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 662 people, 284 households, and 189 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|982.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 295 housing units at an average density of {{convert|437.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 95.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.45% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.60% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.91% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.93% of the population.<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603464320.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Rocky Hill borough, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20170122021257/https://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603464320.pdf |date=2017-01-22 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed February 14, 2013.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3403564320 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Rocky Hill borough, Somerset County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212095225/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3403564320 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed February 14, 2013.</ref>

There were 284 households, out of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.82.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the borough the population was spread out, with 20.2% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 31.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.6 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the borough was $79,469, and the median income for a family was $100,314. Males had a median income of $54,375 versus $50,357 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $48,357. About 2.5% of families and 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.8% of those under age 18 and 5.3% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

