==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 495
|1890= 644
|1900= 613
|1910= 667
|1920= 715
|1930= 531
|1940= 487
|1950= 518
|1960= 526
|1970= 531
|1980= 498
|1990= 440
|2000= 417
|2010= 384
|2020= 383
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 384 people, 192 households, and 101 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|673.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 224 housing units at an average density of {{convert|393.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 192 households, of which 19.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.4% were non-families. 43.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the city was 47.7 years. 18% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 31.8% were from 45 to 64; and 22.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 417 people, 199 households, and 111 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|726.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 219 housing units at an average density of {{convert|381.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.48% from two or more races.

There were 199 households, out of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.2% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 23.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,563, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,062. About 14.0% of families and 16.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.4% of those under age 18 and 13.3% of those age 65 or over.

