==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 137
|1890= 273
|1900= 211
|1910= 219
|1920= 311
|1930= 227
|1940= 250
|1950= 205
|1960= 153
|1970= 113
|1980= 134
|1990= 131
|2000= 148
|2010= 167
|2020= 186
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 148 people, 50 households, and 41 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 119.9 people per square mile (46.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 60 housing units at an average density of 48.6 per square mile (18.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 95.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.68% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.05% of the population.

There were 50 households, of which 42.0% had children under 18 living with them, 66.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.0% were non-families. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.96, and the average family size was 3.34.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.8% under 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 19.6% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.6 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 96.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $32,250. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $12,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $11,481. None of the families and 3.7% of the population lived below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.9% of those over 64.
{{clear}}

