==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 356
|2020= 372
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Rio Oso first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Rio Oso had a population of 372. The population density was {{convert|57.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Rio Oso was 274 (73.7%) [[White Americans|White]], 8 (2.2%) [[African Americans|African American]], 4 (1.1%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 8 (2.2%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 36 (9.7%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 42 (11.3%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 61 persons (16.4%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Rio Oso CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0660970 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 1, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 127 households, out of which 42 (33.1%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 88 (69.3%) were married-couple households, 5 (3.9%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 13 (10.2%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 21 (16.5%) had a male householder with no partner present. 19 households (15.0%) were one person, and 10 (7.9%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.93.<ref name=DP1/> There were 104 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (81.9% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Rio Oso CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0660970 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 1, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 96 people (25.8%) under the age of 18, 40 people (10.8%) aged 18 to 24, 66 people (17.7%) aged 25 to 44, 110 people (29.6%) aged 45 to 64, and 60 people (16.1%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 40.4{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 104.4 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 144 housing units at an average density of {{convert|22.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 127 (88.2%) were occupied. Of these, 100 (78.7%) were owner-occupied, and 27 (21.3%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

