==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 283
|1930= 276
|1940= 212
|1950= 219
|1960= 214
|1970= 159
|1980= 199
|1990= 145
|2000= 145
|2010= 154
|2020= 148
|estyear=2024
|estimate=146
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=August 9, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 154 people, 71 households, and 38 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|770.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|435.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 71 households, of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.5% were non-families. 43.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the city was 47.5 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.1% were from 25 to 44; 30.4% were from 45 to 64; and 23.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 145 people, 74 households, and 35 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|733.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 89 housing units at an average density of {{convert|450.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.76% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.38% from two or more races.

There were 74 households, out of which 18.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.7% were non-families. 48.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.4% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 20.7% from 25 to 44, 31.7% from 45 to 64, and 22.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $39,688. Males had a median income of $28,438 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,703. There were 10.3% of families and 19.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 39.3% of under eighteens and 3.8% of those over 64.

