==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 942
|1950= 1017
|1960= 774
|1970= 781
|1980= 689
|1990= 486
|2000= 520
|2010= 514
|2020= 361
|estyear=2021
|estimate=351
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 514 people, 247 households, and 125 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1658.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 304 housing units at an average density of {{convert|980.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.8% from two or more races.

There were 247 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 49.4% were non-families. 44.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the town was 42.5 years. 20.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.7% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 520 people, 255 households, and 139 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,244.7 inhabitants per square mile (478.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 346 housing units at an average density of 828.2 per square mile (318.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 99.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.38% of the population.

There were 255 households, out of which 18.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.1% were non-families. 42.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.3% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 22.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,250, and the median income for a family was $31,500. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $15,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,217. About 23.1% of families and 29.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.2% of those under age 18 and 15.0% of those age 65 or over.

