==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 740
| 1890 = 605
| 1900 = 743
| 1910 = 798
| 1920 = 903
| 1930 = 900
| 1940 = 902
| 1950 = 1046
| 1960 = 927
| 1970 = 1099
| 1980 = 1331
| 1990 = 1287
| 2000 = 1453
| 2010 = 1299
| 2020 = 1307
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,299 people, 569 households, and 341 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|889.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 643 housing units at an average density of {{convert|440.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 569 households, of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.1% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the village was 40.4 years. 21.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 19.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,453 people, 610 households, and 384 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,069.1 people per square mile (412.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 661 housing units at an average density of 486.3 per square mile (187.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.03% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.31% of the population.

There were 610 households, out of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.9% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,903, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $29,853 versus $21,058 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,390. About 7.9% of families and 10.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.3% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.

