==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 132
|1970= 266
|1980= 231
|1990= 213
|2000= 183
|2010= 188
|2020= 189
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 188 people, 84 households, and 49 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2685.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1200.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 89.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.6% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.3% of the population.

There were 84 households, of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.7% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 42.5 years. 18.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.7% were from 45 to 64; and 18.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 183 people, 82 households, and 54 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,242.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,054.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.19% of the population.

There were 82 households, out of which 23.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 16.9% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $51,875, and the median income for a family was $61,875. Males had a median income of $51,023 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $27,990. None of the families and 1.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 5.1% of those over 64.

