==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 285
|1940= 331
|1950= 398
|1960= 390
|1970= 364
|1980= 341
|1990= 283
|2000= 274
|2010= 219
|2020= 225
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 219 people, 104 households, and 57 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|995.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 124 housing units at an average density of {{convert|563.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 104 households, of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.2% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 44.8 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 20.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.1% male and 47.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 274 people, 120 households, and 81 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,279.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|616.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.28% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.11% of the population.

There were 120 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 25.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,694, and the median income for a family was $42,917. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $22,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,134. About 16.1% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.1% of those 65 or over.

