==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 1833
|1920= 1981
|1930= 1629
|1940= 1598
|1950= 1306
|1960= 1182
|1970= 1168
|1980= 1046
|1990= 935
|2000= 845
|2010= 731
|2020= 698
|estyear=2025
|estimate=697
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 731 people, 337 households, and 182 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|390.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 428 housing units at an average density of {{convert|228.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 337 households, of which 24.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.0% were non-families. 40.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the city was 46.5 years. 20.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 30.1% were from 45 to 64; and 22.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 845 people, 378 households, and 215 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 456.5 people per square mile (176.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 436 housing units at an average density of 235.5 per square mile (91.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 96.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.66% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.95% of the population.

There were 378 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.1% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,917, and the median income for a family was $41,111. Males had a median income of $30,804 versus $21,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,297. About 1.4% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.6% of those under age 18 and 10.2% of those age 65 or over.

