==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2010 = 175
| 2020 = 162
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref name=":0" /> there were 162 people, 51 households, and 25 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{Convert|586.96|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|315.22|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.62% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.62% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.62% of the population.

There were 51 households, out of which 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.02% were married couples living together, 0.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.98% were non-families. 50.98% of all households were made up of individuals, and 50.98% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.08 and the average family size was 2.51.

The CDP's age distribution consisted of 35.2% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 7% from 25 to 44, 18% from 45 to 64, and 32.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48.1 years. For every 100 females, there were 141.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 151.5 males.

