==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 166
|1980= 129
|1990= 129
|2000= 132
|2010= 833
|2020= 588
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 132 people, 51 households, and 39 families residing in the Town. The population density was {{convert|57.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|26.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 9.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. Polkville annexed nearly {{convert|14|sqmi|km2|sigfig=2}} of land later, bringing its population to 833 people. This also made it the largest municipal town in Smith County.

There were 51 households, of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.5% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the village the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,375, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,056. There were 2.8% of families and 6.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.3% of those over 64.

The Census 2010 records the population of Polkville as 833. Polkville officially changed its name to the Town of Polkville in 2007.

