==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,431 people, 603 households, and 507 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|57.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 642 housing units at an average density of 15.1 per square mile (5.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.50% of the population.

There were 603 households, out of which 50.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 34.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.9% were non-families. 11.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.02 and the average family size was 4.19.

{{US Census population
|1930= 50
|1940= 150
|1950= 550
|1960= 450
|1970= 550
|1980= 500
|1990= 2287
|2000= 2431
|2010= 2945
|2020= 2435
|footnote=source:<ref>Moffatt, Riley.  ''Population History of Western U.S. Cities & Towns, 1850–1990''.  [[Lanham, Maryland|Lanham]]: Scarecrow, 1996, 216.</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 41.1% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 15.4% from 45 to 64, and 4.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $29,886, and the median income for a family was $28,300. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $20,897 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,583. About 28.2% of families and 32.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.9% of those under age 18 and 15.9% of those age 65 or over.

