==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 403
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 337 people, 172 households, and 98 families residing in the community. The population density was {{convert|468.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 298 housing units at an average density of {{convert|414.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.56% of the population.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

There were 172 households, out of which 16.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.0% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.44.<ref name="GR2" />

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 12.8% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 31.2% from 45 to 64, and 30.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.<ref name="GR2" />

The median income for a household in the community was $51,667, and the median income for a family was $74,688. Males had a median income of $36,875 versus $36,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $32,740. About 4.2% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 13.0% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="GR2" />

