==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 197
|1960= 242
|1970= 623
|1980= 725
|1990= 585
|2000= 717
|2010= 753
|2020= 924
|estyear=2022
|estimate=919
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 19, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 19, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 30, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 753 people, 322 households, and 203 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|362.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 370 housing units at an average density of {{convert|177.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 322 households, of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.0% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 37.4 years. 27.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 717 people, 298 households, and 202 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|560.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 329 housing units at an average density of {{convert|257.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.84% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.12% of the population.

There were 298 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.2% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $44,000, and the median income for a family was $48,250. Males had a median income of $39,150 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,272. About 8.2% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.1% of those under age 18 and 6.9% of those age 65 or over.

