==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 209
|1920= 194
|1930= 569
|1940= 340
|1950= 206
|1960= 121
|1970= 339
|1980= 292
|1990= 202
|2000= 201
|2010= 191
|2020= 192
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
{| border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5" style="float:right; margin-left:15px;"
| align=center | '''City of Golden<br>Population by year <sup>[https://web.archive.org/web/20040611035604/http://eire.census.gov/popest/data/cities.php]</sup>'''
|-
| align="center" |
1990 - 202<br>
2000 - 201<br>
2004 - 201 (estimate)<br>
|}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2020, there were 192 people, 87 households, and 52 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|354.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|186.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 7.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.95% of the population.

There were 87 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.9% under the age of 18, 12.9% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 17.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,208, and the median income for a family was $33,333. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $19,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,047. About 19.4% of families and 19.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 37.1% of those 65 or over.

The Mayor of the Town of Golden is Sherry Shook.
  
The Police Chief is John M. Brown.

