==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 145
|1920= 129
|1930= 107
|1940= 117
|1950= 60
|1960= 32
|1970= 25
|1980= 24
|1990= 10
|2000= 10
|2010= 6
|2020= 10
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|accessdate=June 23, 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2013|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 6 people, 3 households, and 1 family residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|10.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 6 housing units at an average density of {{convert|10.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 3 households, of which 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together and 66.7% were non-families. 66.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 66.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 52.5 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 33.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 0.0% were from 25 to 44; 33.3% were from 45 to 64; and 33.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000,{{Citation needed|date=January 2024|reason=Need a citation to the actual demographics}} there were 10 people, 3 households, and 3 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|17.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3 housing units at an average density of {{convert|5.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 3 households, out of which 66.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 100.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 0.0% were non-families. No households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.33 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 30.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females there were 66.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $16,250, and the median income for a family was $16,250. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $7,625. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

