==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1850= 253
|1860= 236
|1870= 229
|1880= 199
|1890= 223
|1900= 184
|1910= 300
|1920= 246
|1930= 227
|1940= 210
|1950= 238
|1960= 191
|1970= 251
|1980= 236
|1990= 257
|2000= 221
|2010= 172
|2020= 142
|estyear=2021
|estimate=143
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=March 4, 2012 |title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web |title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012 |url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html |work=Population Estimates |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=December 11, 2013 |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html |archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web |url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42 |title=Census Population API |publisher=United States Census Bureau |accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
At the time of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 221 people, eighty-four households, and sixty-three families living in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|838.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 92 housing units at an average density of {{convert|349.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 100.00% White. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.90%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the eighty-four households documented in the borough, 33.3% had children who were under the age of eighteen living with them, 54.8% were married couples living together, 15.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 21.4% of households were one-person households and 7.1% were one-person households with residents who were sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.75.

The age distribution was 18.6% of residents who were under the age of eighteen, 11.3% who were aged eighteen to twenty-four, 25.3% who were aged twenty-five to forty-four, 24.0% who were aged forty-five to sixty-four, and 20.8% who were aged sixty-five or older. The median age was forty-two years.

For every one hundred females, there were 90.5 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 81.8 males.

The median household income was $38,750 and the median family income was $45,000. Males had a median income of $29,000 versus $18,958 for females.

The per capita income for the borough was $17,172.

Approximately 9.4% of families and 10.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 9.1% of those who were under the age of eighteen; however, none of those who were documented as being sixty-five or older were living in poverty.

