==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 78
|2000= 173
|2010= 158
|2020= 268
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Bald Head Island racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3703150&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 22, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 243
| 90.67%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 10
| 3.73%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.37%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 5
| 1.87%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 9
| 3.36%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 268 people, 143 households, and 87 families residing in the village.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 173 people, 88 households, and 71 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|40.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 599 housing units at an average density of {{convert|139.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.89% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.58% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.16% from two or more races.

There were 88 households, out of which 5.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 77.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.3% were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.17.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 5.8% under the age of 18, 1.2% from 18 to 24, 11.0% from 25 to 44, 63.6% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $62,083, and the median income for a family was $56,964. Males had a median income of $51,250 versus $35,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $45,585. About 10.8% of families and 10.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

