==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 292
|1910= 264
|1920= 316
|1930= 282
|1940= 258
|1950= 227
|1960= 157
|1970= 126
|1980= 130
|1990= 51
|2000= 92
|2010= 85
|2020= 57
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 85 people, 36 households, and 25 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|340.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|204.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 36 households, of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the village was 30.8 years. 18.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 16.5% were from 45 to 64; and 29.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 92 people, 42 households, and 23 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|369.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|212.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.17% from two or more races.

There were 42 households, out of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 15.2% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 26.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $16,500, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $24,583 versus $14,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,046. There were 28.0% of families and 41.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 27.6% of those over 64.

