==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 245
|1900= 333
|1910= 238
|1920= 264
|1930= 241
|1940= 483
|1950= 262
|1960= 225
|1970= 215
|1980= 352
|1990= 305
|2000= 330
|2010= 350
|2020= 284
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 330 people, 144 households, and 94 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|167.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 182 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.30% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.30% of the population.

There were 144 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were married couples living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.7% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the age distribution of the population shows 25.8% under the age of 20, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $37,857. Males had a median income of $36,667 versus $16,071 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,054. About 21.8% of families and 29.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 39.4% of those under age 18 and 11.6% of those age 65 or over.

