==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 1903
|1970= 1788
|1980= 1462
|1990= 1263
|2000= 1173
|2010= 1324
|2020= 1280
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 1,173 people, 532 households and 336 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|4,285.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 542 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,980.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.60% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.68% of the population.

There were 532 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.8% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.81.

19.4% of the population were under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.8 males.

The [[median household income]] was $52,500 and the median family income was $66,250. Males had a median income of $46,705 compared with $34,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $28,908. About 0.9% of families and 1.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 0.9% of those age 65 or over.

