==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 384
|1880= 915
|1890= 1418
|1900= 3416
|1910= 6323
|1920= 8198
|1930= 10252
|1940= 10488
|1950= 11604
|1960= 11412
|1970= 11586
|1980= 10128
|1990= 9126
|2000= 8770
|2010= 8370
|2020= 8311
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="Census1960">{{cite web|title=Number of Inhabitants: Pennsylvania|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/17216604v1p40ch02.pdf|work=18th Census of the United States|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="Census1990">{{cite web|title=Pennsylvania: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-40.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name="CensusPopEst">{{cite web|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=19 October 2013|url-status=dead}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 8,770 people, 4,389 households, and 1,953 families residing in the borough.<ref name="GR2" /> The population density was {{convert|8,768.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 4,770 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4,769.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 88.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.65% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3
1.4% of the population.

There were 4,389 households, out of which 19.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 55.5% were non-families. 48.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 35.0% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.9 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $31,481, and the median income for a family was $42,382. Males had a median income of $30,683 versus $26,596 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $19,246. About 7.8% of families and 18.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.2% of those under age 18 and 9.7% of those age 65 or over.

