==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 164
|1920= 192
|1930= 307
|1940= 258
|1950= 302
|1960= 247
|1970= 208
|1980= 234
|1990= 263
|2000= 287
|2010= 285
|2020= 233
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 285 people, 115 households, and 70 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|375.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|175.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 79.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 8.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.2% of the population.

There were 115 households, of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.1% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age in the town was 41.5 years. 26% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 14% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 287 people, 116 households, and 78 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|369.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 131 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.70% of the population.

There were 116 households, out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the town was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $31,667. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $15,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,978. About 5.6% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 9.4% of those 65 or over.

