==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 388
|1940= 343
|1950= 312
|1960= 470
|1970= 540
|1980= 604
|1990= 595
|2000= 602
|2010= 540
|2020= 580
|estyear=2023
|estimate=595
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=September 29, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 29, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 580 people, 249 households, 177 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 540 people, 227 households, _ families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 602 people, 257 households, and 168 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|123.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 309 housing units at an average density of {{convert|63.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 4.98% from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]]. 0.33% of the population were [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race.

There were 257 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 33.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,875, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $24,750 versus $16,838 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,738. About 10.1% of families and 17.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.5% of those under age 18 and 22.9% of those age 65 or over.

