==Demographics==
As of the census of 2020, there were 644 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 1,829.55 people per square mile (706.81/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 222 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 79.0% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.9% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 9.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 7.0% from two or more races. 5.3% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Concorde Hills CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Concorde_Hills_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3918244 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=6 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 169 households, out of which 57.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 26.6% had a female householder with no spouse present. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.9% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75, and the average family size was 3.33.<ref name="2020 census"/>

31.7% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 39.5% were 18 to 64, and 23.4% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36.2. For every 100 females, there were 98.8 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $250,000. About 3.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 0.0% of those under age 18 and 15.3% of those age 65 or over. About 57.1% of the population were employed, and 80.1% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

