==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 231
|1900= 279
|1910= 334
|1920= 388
|1930= 358
|1940= 384
|1950= 443
|1960= 426
|1970= 415
|1980= 486
|1990= 469
|2000= 472
|2010= 446
|2020= 469
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br />2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 446 people, 197 households, and 132 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|810.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 232 housing units at an average density of {{convert|421.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 197 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.0% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the city was 43.2 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 21.7% were from 45 to 64; and 25.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.6% male and 53.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 472 people, 185 households, and 113 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|883.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 202 housing units at an average density of {{convert|378.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.91% from two or more races.

There were 185 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 36.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.6% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 19.3% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 32.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,333, and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $20,104 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,296.  About 8.7% of families and 11.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.1% of those under age 18 and 17.8% of those age 65 or over.

