==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 82
|1900= 233
|1910= 249
|1920= 267
|1930= 443
|1940= 569
|1950= 515
|1960= 597
|1970= 583
|1980= 653
|1990= 948
|2000= 909
|2010= 924
|2020= 1072
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Highlands racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3731360&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 19, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 931
| 86.85%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 7
| 0.65%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.09%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 14
| 1.31%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 42
| 3.92%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 77
| 7.18%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,072 people, 639 households, and 333 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 909 people, 445 households, and 253 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|150.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,713 housing units at an average density of {{convert|282.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.88% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.97% of the population.

There were 445 households, out of which 18.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.1% were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.66.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 16.4% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 19.9% from 25 to 44, 33.4% from 45 to 64, and 24.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $46,875. Males had a median income of $31,964 versus $20,662 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $24,120. About 4.2% of families and 7.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.2% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.

