==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 170
|2000= 127
|2010= 159
|2020= 65
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 159 people, 84 households, and 50 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|97.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 386 housing units at an average density of {{convert|235.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 84 households, of which 8.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.5% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.89 and the average family size was 2.44.

The median age in the village was 55.6 years. 8.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.3% were from 25 to 44; 47.8% were from 45 to 64; and 29.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 127 people, 60 households, and 37 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|75.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 376 housing units at an average density of {{convert|222.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.79% from two or more races.

There were 60 households, out of which 10.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.45.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.9% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 15.0% from 25 to 44, 39.4% from 45 to 64, and 22.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,583, and the median income for a family was $40,417. Males had a median income of $31,806 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $27,243. There were 4.7% of families and 5.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 11.4% of those over 64.

