==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 150
|1890= 62
|1920= 73
|1930= 96
|1940= 88
|1950= 116
|1960= 137
|1970= 195
|1980= 236
|1990= 358
|2000= 428
|2010= 373
|2020= 444
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Tuluksak first appeared on the 1880 U.S. Census as an unincorporated Inuit village.<ref>{{Cite web | url=https://books.google.com/books?id=Rr9RAQAAMAAJ&q=tuluksak&pg=PA49 |title = Geological Survey Professional Paper|year = 1949}}</ref> All 150 residents were Inuit.<ref>{{cite web |title=Statistics of the Population of Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1880a_v1-17.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1880}}</ref> In 1890, it returned as "Tuluksagmiut." All residents were listed as Native.<ref>{{cite web |title=Report on Population and Resources of Alaska at the Eleventh Census: 1890 |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1890a_v8-01.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |publisher=Government Printing Office}}</ref> It did not report again until 1920, when it returned under its original 1880 spelling of Tuluksak. It has returned in every successive census to date. In 1970, it formally incorporated. In 1997, it disincorporated as a city and was reclassified as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 428 people, 86 households, and 76 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|140.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|30.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 5.14% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 94.16% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]] and 0.70% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]].

There were 86 households, out of which 53.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were married couples living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.6% were non-families. 11.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 4.98 and the average family size was 5.37.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 39.7% under the age of 18, 12.4% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 11.4% from 45 to 64, and 7.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $31,563, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,132.  About 21.3% of families and 27.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.6% of those under age 18 and 11.1% of those age 65 or over.

