==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 479
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 528 people, 157 households and 127 ''families'' residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|440|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 178 housing units at an average density of {{convert|149.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.6% of the population.

There were 157 households, of which 28% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 29.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.1% were non-families. 18.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.36 and the average family size was 3.76.

31.8% of the population were under the age of 19, 6.4% from 20 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34.5 years.

In the 2000 census, the [[median household income]] was $31,875 and the median family income was $37,500. Males had a median income of $19,231 compared with $21,641 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,153. About 21.4% of families and 20.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.3% of those under age 18 and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.

