==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 1557
|1990= 1550
|2000= 1586
|2010= 1416
|2020= 1365
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 1,586 people, 641 households and 464 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|396.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 707 housing units at an average density of {{convert|176.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.95% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.38% of the population.

There were 641 households, of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.92.

Age distribution was 24.0% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

The [[median household income]] was $20,833, and the median family income was $26,667. Males had a median income of $21,546 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,037. About 14.1% of families and 22.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.9% of those under age 18 and 30.5% of those age 65 or over.

