==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 1207
|1970= 1365
|1980= 1260
|1990= 1102
|2000= 1215
|2010= 1102
|2020= 1154
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,102 people,<ref name="census1">[https://archive.today/20190521214830/https://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_DP_DPDP1&prodType=table United States Census]</ref> 417 households,<ref name="census1"/> and 260 families residing in the city.<ref name="census1"/> The population density was {{convert|999.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 496 housing units<ref name="census1"/> at an average density of {{convert|408.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]],<ref name="census1"/> 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]],<ref name="census1"/> 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]],<ref name="census1"/> 0.4% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]],<ref name="census1"/> and 1.5% from two or more races.<ref name="census1"/> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.<ref name="census1"/>

There were 417 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them,<ref name="census1"/> 42.2% were married couples living together,<ref name="census1"/> 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present,<ref name="census1"/> and 37.6% were non-families.<ref name="census1"/> 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.71% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="census1"/> The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.31.<ref name="census1"/>

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 32.4% from 25 to 44, 18.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,448, and the median income for a family was $41,691. Males had a median income of $36,083 versus $23,977 for females. The per capita income for the city was $15,129. About 8.8% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.2% of those under age 18 and 12.9% of those age 65 or over.

In the [[2012 U.S. presidential election]], unlike most of Kentucky, the city supported the [[Democratic Party (U.S.)|Democratic]] candidate [[Barack Obama]].<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://results.enr.clarityelections.com/KY/Campbell/43127/107594/en/md.html?cid=3|title = Campbell - Election Results}}</ref>

