==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 418
|1930= 472
|1940= 533
|1950= 469
|1960= 898
|1970= 1230
|1980= 1549
|1990= 1317
|2000= 1091
|2010= 1148
|2020= 992
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br />2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,091 people, 458 households, and 317 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|267.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 535 housing units at an average density of {{convert|131.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.99% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.27% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.55% from two or more races. 0.82% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 458 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,598, and the median income for a family was $30,221. Males had a median income of $24,219 versus $17,316 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,053. About 14.2% of families and 20.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.9% of those under age 18 and 19.2% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="2010 census">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 24, 2015|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,148 people, 497 households, and 325 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|280|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 580 housing units at an average density of {{convert|141.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.2% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], .2% [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 3.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. 4.0% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 497 households, out of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,886, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $34,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,174. About 23.3% of families and 25.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.1% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.

