==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 952
|1880= 1013
|1890= 1343
|1900= 1718
|1910= 1701
|1920= 1966
|1930= 2107
|1940= 2621
|1950= 3171
|1960= 3531
|1970= 3466
|1980= 3284
|1990= 3439
|2000= 3740
|2010= 4423
|2020=4347
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5550025">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Mauston city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5550025&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P1 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=21 December 2022}}</ref> the population was 4,347. The [[population density]] was {{convert|972.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,955 housing units at an average density of {{convert|437.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. Ethnically, the population was 3.6% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race. When grouping both Hispanic and non-Hispanic people together by race, the city was 89.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.7% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 4.5% from two or more races.

The 2020 census population of the city included 378 people incarcerated in adult correctional facilities.<ref name="2020-P5-5550025">{{cite web|title=Group Quarters Population, 2020 Census: Mauston city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5550025&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P5 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=21 December 2022}}</ref>

According  to the [[American Community Survey]] estimates for 2016-2020, the median income for a household in the city was $49,730, and the median income for a family was $63,839. Male full-time workers had a median income of $40,547 versus $35,809 for female workers. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $26,214. About 7.6% of families and 18.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.5% of those under age 18 and 22% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="2020-EconChar-5550025">{{cite web|title=Selected Economic Characteristics, 2020 American Community Survey: Mauston city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5550025&y=2020&d=ACS%205-Year%20Estimates%20Data%20Profiles&tid=ACSDP5Y2020.DP03 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=21 December 2022}}</ref> Of the population age 25 and over, 89.2% were high school graduates or higher and 15.1% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020-SocChar-5550025">{{cite web|title=Selected Social Characteristics, 2020 American Community Survey: Mauston city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5550025&y=2020&d=ACS%205-Year%20Estimates%20Data%20Profiles&tid=ACSDP5Y2020.DP02 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=21 December 2022}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 4,423 people, 1,779 households, and 985 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1007.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,006 housing units at an average density of {{convert|456.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 3.5% of the population.

There were 1,779 households, of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.6% were non-families. 37.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 39.3 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,740 people, 1,585 households, and 963 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,022.6 people per square mile (394.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,729 housing units at an average density of 472.8 per square mile (182.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 96.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.04% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.11% of the population.

There were 1,585 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.2% were non-families. 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 20.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.4 males.

