==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 368
| 1920 = 344
| 1930 = 319
| 1940 = 296
| 1950 = 232
| 1960 = 213
| 1970 = 229
| 1980 = 230
| 1990 = 247
| 2000 = 251
| 2010 = 202
| 2020 = 199
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 202 people, 86 households, and 58 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|91.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|41.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 86 households, of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.6% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the village was 46.8 years. 16.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 12% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.9% were from 25 to 44; 33.7% were from 45 to 64; and 19.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 251 people, 93 households, and 66 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 113.0 people per square mile (43.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 96 housing units at an average density of 43.2 per square mile (16.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 92.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.20% of the population.

There were 93 households, out of which 37.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.0% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.1% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,917, and the median income for a family was $41,607. Males had a median income of $26,750 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,909. About 10.4% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 16.7% of those 65 or over.

