==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 447
|1940= 663
|1950= 733
|1960= 585
|1970= 664
|1980= 601
|1990= 411
|2000= 531
|2010= 544
|2020= 557
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 544 people, 297 households, and 108 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1431.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 392 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1031.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 77.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 9.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 9.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.2% of the population.

There were 297 households, of which 17.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 22.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 63.6% were non-families. 55.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.72 and the average family size was 2.64.

The median age in the town was 54 years. 15.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.7% were from 25 to 44; 37% were from 45 to 64; and 26.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 531 people, 280 households, and 126 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,739.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 385 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,260.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 84.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 9.98% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.58% of the population.

There were 280 households, out of which 16.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 55.0% were non-families. 50.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.81 and the average family size was 2.64.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.3% under the age of 18, 2.4% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 29.2% from 45 to 64, and 28.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females there were 87.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $12,663, and the median income for a family was $21,786. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,690. About 33.3% of families and 38.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 50.8% of those under age 18 and 20.2% of those age 65 or over.

