==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1950 = 987
| 1960 = 1355
| 1970 = 1165
| 1980 = 920
| 1990 = 828
| 2000 = 831
| 2010 = 768
| 2020 = 778
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 757
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Cammack Village racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0510780&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 31, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 694
| 89.2%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 9
| 1.16%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 8
| 1.03%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 35
| 4.5%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 32
| 4.11%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 778 people, 362 households, and 199 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 831 people, 395 households, and 240 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|2,893.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 406 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,413.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.83% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.96% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.24% from two or more races.  1.44% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 395 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 36.7% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,909, and the median income for a family was $45,833. Males had a median income of $50,795 versus $33,021 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $29,865.  About 9.1% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

