==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 306
| 1940 = 388
| 1950 = 596
| 1960 = 748
| 1970 = 839
| 1980 = 725
| 1990 = 645
| 2000 = 540
| 2010 = 576
| 2020 = 498
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 465
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Joiner Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0535650&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 7, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|171
|34.34%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|291
|58.43%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|3
|0.6%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|11
|2.21%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|22
|4.42%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 498 people, 227 households, and 100 families residing in the city.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 576 people living in the city. The racial makeup of the city was 50.0% White, 47.2% Black and 0.2% Native American. 2.6% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 540 people, 197 households, and 139 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,860.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 223 housing units at an average density of {{convert|768.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 52.78% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 45.93% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.93% from two or more races.  0.74% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 197 households, out of which 37.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 26.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.29.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.8% under the age of 18, 12.0% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,875, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $20,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,454.  About 27.7% of families and 27.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.3% of those under age 18 and 23.4% of those age 65 or over.

