==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1890 = 125
| 1900 = 298
| 1910 = 332
| 1920 = 344
| 1930 = 290
| 1940 = 469
| 1950 = 501
| 1960 = 583
| 1970 = 647
| 1980 = 688
| 1990 = 630
| 2000 = 605
| 2010 = 704
| 2020 = 667
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 704 people, 294 households, and 193 families residing in the village.<ref>{{cite web
 | url = http://www.usa.com/deer-creek-il-population-and-races--historical-household-and-family-data.htm
 | title = US Census 2010 data
 | publisher = USA.com
 | access-date = October 26, 2013
}}</ref> The population density was {{convert|1,924.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 243 housing units at an average density of {{convert|772.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.17% of the population.

There were 227 households, out of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,542, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $31,985 versus $25,278 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,578. About 6.6% of families and 5.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of those under age 18 and 3.9% of those age 65 or over.

