==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1890 = 379
| 1900 = 407
| 1910 = 572
| 1920 = 769
| 1930 = 1045
| 1940 = 998
| 1950 = 1283
| 1960 = 1275
| 1970 = 1184
| 1980 = 1366
| 1990 = 1137
| 2000 = 1152
| 2010 = 891
| 2020 = 770
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 749
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Stephens racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0566860&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 13, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|276
|35.84%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|462
|60.00%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|4
|0.52%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|27
|3.51%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|1
|0.13%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 770 people, 376 households, and 237 families residing in the city.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 891 people living in the city. The racial makeup of the city was 57.1% Black, 40.6% White, 0.1% Native American, 0.1% from some other race and 1.1% from two or more races. 0.9% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,152 people, 448 households, and 317 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|421.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 509 housing units at an average density of {{convert|186.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 53.04% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 45.83% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.61% from two or more races.  0.69% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 448 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.2% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,045, and the median income for a family was $30,903. Males had a median income of $25,568 versus $20,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,608.  About 30.4% of families and 32.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.7% of those under age 18 and 28.8% of those age 65 or over.

