==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 1004
|1960= 1063
|1970= 874
|1980= 849
|1990= 782
|2000= 700
|2010= 1313
|2020= 698
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 700 people, 274 households, and 201 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|563.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 311 housing units at an average density of {{convert|250.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.71% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.14% of the population.

There were 274 households, out of which 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,625, and the median income for a family was $29,167. Males had a median income of $22,404 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,517. About 18.7% of families and 24.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.6% of those under age 18 and 23.7% of those age 65 or over.

