==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 136
|1930= 135
|1940= 163
|1950= 122
|1960= 159
|1970= 137
|1980= 177
|1990= 126
|2000= 146
|2010= 139
|2020= 98
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 139 people, 57 households, and 38 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|54.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 9.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 15.1% of the population.

There were 57 households, of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the town was 39.5 years. 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 38.1% were from 45 to 64; and 7.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 54.7% male and 45.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 146 people, 54 households, and 40 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 59.0 people per square mile (22.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 76 housing units at an average density of 30.7 per square mile (11.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 82.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 9.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 22.60% of the population.

There were 54 households, out of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.9% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 18.5% from 25 to 44, 33.6% from 45 to 64, and 8.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $46,563, and the median income for a family was $52,083. Males had a median income of $45,750 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,764. There were 10.5% of families and 12.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 5.7% of under eighteens and 21.1% of those over 64.

