==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 197
|1900= 144
|1920= 228
|1930= 270
|1980= 405
|1990= 294
|2000= 314
|2010= 311
|2020= 293
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 314 people, 131 households, and 94 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|178.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 140 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.32% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]].

There were 131 households, out of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $36,500. Males had a median income of $29,219 versus $27,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,791. About 8.5% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.4% of those under age 18 and 28.9% of those age 65 or over.

