==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1990= 195
|2000= 185
|2010= 167
|2020= 146
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |accessdate=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web |title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012 |url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html |work=Population Estimates |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |accessdate=December 11, 2013 |url-status=dead |archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html |archivedate=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web |url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42 |title=Census Population API |publisher=United States Census Bureau |accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
At the time of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 185 people, 78 households, and 56 families living in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|1,347.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|793.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 100.00% White. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.62%.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 78 households 26.9% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 61.5% were married couples living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 24.4% of residences were one-person households and 11.5% were households with one person residing there who was aged sixty-five or older.

The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.80.

The age distribution was 19.5% under the age of eighteen, 5.9% from eighteen to twenty-four, 27.0% from twenty-five to forty-four, 25.4% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 22.2% who were aged sixty-five or older. The median age was forty-four years.

For every one hundred females, there were 96.8 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 96.1 males.

The median household income was $44,750 and the median family income was $63,125. Males had a median income of $51,250 compared with that of $30,833 for females.

The per capita income for the borough was $21,564.

Approximately 13.2% of families and 20.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 36.4% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 6.5% of those who were sixty-five or older.

