==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|369
|1890|400
|1900|427
|1910|390
|1920|436
|1930|400
|1940|434
|1950|349
|1960|295
|1970|239
|1980|251
|1990|205
|2000|217
|2010|170
|2020|166
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 166 people, 72 households, and 39 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 462.3 inhabitants per square mile (178.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 97 housing units at an average density of 270.2 per square mile (104.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 93.4% [[White Americans|White]], 1.2% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.6% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 2.4% from other races and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 7.2% of the population.

Of the 72 households, 20.8% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% were cohabitating couples, 26.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 26.4% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 45.8% of all households were non-families. 41.7% of all households were made up of individuals, 27.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 51.0 years. 20.5% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 17.5% were from 25 and 44; 27.1% were from 45 and 64; and 31.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.6% male and 46.4% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 170 people, 78 households, and 51 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|459.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|291.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 78 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.6% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the city was 48.5 years. 17.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.9% were from 25 to 44; 38.9% were from 45 to 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 217 people, 96 households, and 62 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|620.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|317.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.46% of the population.

There were 96 households, out of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,583, and the median income for a family was $29,750. Males had a median income of $27,321 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,410. About 13.4% of families and 17.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 21.2% of those 65 or over.

