==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 239
|1900= 567
|1910= 499
|1920= 578
|1930= 549
|1940= 456
|1950= 391
|1960= 444
|1970= 543
|1980= 547
|1990= 480
|2000= 529
|2010= 496
|2020= 482
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
The Platte County portion of Dearborn (the majority of the city) is part of the [[Kansas City, Missouri|Kansas City]], MO&ndash;[[Kansas|KS]] [[Kansas City Metropolitan Area|Metropolitan Statistical Area]], while the Buchanan County portion is part of the [[St. Joseph, Missouri|St. Joseph]], MO&ndash;KS [[St. Joseph, Missouri Metropolitan Area|Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 496 people, 234 households, and 120 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|557.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 269 housing units at an average density of {{convert|302.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 234 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.7% were non-families. 41.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 38.7 years. 23.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 19% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 529 people, 230 households, and 134 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|615.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 258 housing units at an average density of {{convert|300.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.38% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.32% of the population.

There were 230 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.7% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,861, and the median income for a family was $47,727. Males had a median income of $34,500 versus $24,808 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,537. About 4.3% of families and 11.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of those under age 18 and 18.8% of those age 65 or over.

