==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 176
|1930= 252
|1940= 198
|1950= 191
|1960= 227
|1970= 252
|1980= 265
|1990= 300
|2000= 430
|2010= 510
|2020= 531
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 600
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2023-POP-13.xlsx |date=May 16, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 16, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Helen racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US1337788&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-14|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|469
|88.32%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|4
|0.75%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|17
|3.2%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|30
|5.65%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|11
|2.07%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 531 people, 271 households, and 161 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 430 people, 208 households, and 112 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|203.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 319 housing units at an average density of {{convert|151.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 82.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 10.93% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.23% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.02% of the population.

There were 208 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.0% were married couples living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.7% were non-families. 42.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,917, and the median income for a family was $40,781. Males had a median income of $39,107 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,281. About 6.7% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.1% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.

