==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 99
|1890= 166
|1900= 339
|1910= 181
|1920= 215
|1930= 220
|1940= 224
|1950= 241
|1960= 210
|1970= 267
|1980= 276
|1990= 188
|2000= 243
|2010= 260
|2020= 232
|estyear=2021
|estimate=231
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 260 people, 120 households, and 75 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|722.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 149 housing units at an average density of {{convert|413.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.4% from two or more races.

There were 120 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 12.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.5% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the town was 39.3 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.7% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 243 people, 115 households, and 70 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 680.0 inhabitants per square mile (260.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 136 housing units at an average density of 380.6 per square mile (145.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.82% of the population.

There were 115 households, out of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.66.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,583, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $30,278 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,929. About 27.4% of families and 32.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 28.9% of those 65 or over.

