==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 328
|1920= 423
|1930= 455
|1940= 390
|1950= 421
|1960= 360
|1970= 369
|1980= 294
|1990= 286
|2000= 255
|2010= 242
|2020= 194
|estyear=2024
|estimate=199
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=September 2, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 242 people, 110 households, and 70 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|780.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|429.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 110 households, of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the city was 42.3 years. 26% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 21.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 255 people, 117 households, and 65 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|802.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 138 housing units at an average density of {{convert|434.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.78% from two or more races.

There were 117 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.6% were non-families. 42.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,442, and the median income for a family was $34,167. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,756. None of the families and 7.3% of the population were living below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 15.7% of those over 64.

