==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 184
| 1920 = 319
| 1930 = 194
| 1940 = 256
| 1950 = 194
| 1960 = 162
| 1970 = 167
| 1980 = 194
| 1990 = 169
| 2000 = 171
| 2010 = 135
| 2020 = 143
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 135 people, 61 households, and 44 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|67.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|40.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 61 households, of which 16.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.9% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.64.

The median age in the village was 51.5 years. 14.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 37.8% were from 45 to 64; and 21.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 171 people, 67 households, and 54 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 86.7 people per square mile (33.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 75 housing units at an average density of 38.0 per square mile (14.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. 1.75% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 67 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.4% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 124.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,786, and the median income for a family was $44,250. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $23,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,701. About 5.4% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

