==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 436
|1920= 563
|1930= 621
|1940= 579
|1950= 721
|1960= 1049
|1970= 776
|1980= 766
|1990= 603
|2000= 534
|2010= 592
|2020= 740
|estyear=2023
|estimate=723
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=October 7, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 7, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Ray, North Dakota – Racial Composition'''<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Ray city, North Dakota|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=Ray%20city,%20North%20Dakota&t=Race%20and%20Ethnicity&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|website=data.census.gov|access-date=October 4, 2024}}</ref><br>(NH = Non-Hispanic)<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|660
|89.2%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|1
|0.1%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|13
|1.8%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|3
|0.4%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] (NH)
|0
|0.0%
|-
|[[Some Other Race]] (NH)
|1
|0.1%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|41
|5.5%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|21
|2.8%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''740'''
|'''100.0%'''
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 740 people, 283 households, and 187 families residing in the city.<ref>{{Cite web|title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: Household Type |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Ray%20city,%20North%20Dakota%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=October 7, 2024 |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> There were 361 housing units. The racial makeup of the city was 89.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.1% from some other races and 7.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web|title=How many people live in Ray city, North Dakota |url=https://data.usatoday.com/census/total-population/total-population-change/ray-city-north-dakota/160-3865580/ |access-date=October 7, 2024 |publisher=USA Today}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 592 people, 276 households, and 163 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|586.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 301 housing units at an average density of {{convert|298.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 276 households, of which 22.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.9% were non-families. 35.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the city was 46.1 years. 20.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.3% were from 25 to 44; 35% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 534 people, 232 households, and 154 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|531.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 296 housing units at an average density of {{convert|294.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 0.56% of the population.

There were 232 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.6% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 29.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,563, and the median income for a family was $41,771. Males had a median income of $34,063 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,064. About 2.6% of families and 3.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.

