==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1900 = 255
| 1910 = 148
| 1920 = 150
| 1930 = 141
| 1940 = 143
| 1950 = 115
| 1960 = 75
| 1970 = 65
| 1980 = 45
| 1990 = 31
| 2000 = 18
| 2010 = 19
| 2020 = 6
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=February 20, 2025|archive-date=July 6, 2022|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220706023553/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 25, 2024 |archive-date=October 9, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20241009151602/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |url-status=live }}</ref> there were 6 people, 0 households, and 0 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 46.1 inhabitants per square mile (17.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 6 housing units at an average density of 46.1 per square mile (17.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 66.7% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 33.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.0% of the population.

The median age in the community was 43.5 years. 0.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 0.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 66.7% were from 25 and 44; 16.7% were from 45 and 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=July 9, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 18 people, 13 households, and 2 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|138.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 16 housing units at an average density of {{convert|123.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 13 households, out of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, 15.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 84.6% were non-families. 61.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.38 and the average family size was 2.00.

In the city the population was spread out, with 5.6% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 16.7% from 45 to 64, and 55.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 68 years. For every 100 females, there were 200.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 200.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $25,625. Males had a median income of $24,688 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,737. There were no families and 31.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

