==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 1496
|1900= 1601
|1910= 2068
|1920= 1799
|1930= 2212
|1940= 2093
|1950= 3102
|1960= 3113
|1970= 3435
|1980= 3602
|1990= 3352
|2000= 3473
|2010= 3510
|2020= 2699
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 3,473 people, 1,201 households, and 690 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|5,665.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,258 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,052.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 71.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 16.04% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.79% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.03% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.91% of the population.

There were 1,201 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were married couples living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.5% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.3% under the age of 18, 20.5% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $53,000, and the median income for a family was $62,262. Males had a median income of $45,735 versus $39,850 for females. The per capita income for the village was $26,135. About 6.2% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.4% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.

