==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1950= 316
|1960= 313
|1970= 422
|1980= 385
|1990= 571
|2000= 582
|2010= 723
|2020= 557
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br/>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2014|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 723 people, 270 households, and 205 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|425.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 295 housing units at an average density of {{convert|173.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.1% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 5.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.1% some other race, and 2.4% from two or more races. 0.7% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US0124880| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212102828/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US0124880| url-status=dead| archive-date=February 12, 2020| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (DP-1): Excel town, Alabama| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| accessdate=February 1, 2013}}</ref>

There were 270 households, out of which 41.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were headed by [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.1% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68, and the average family size was 3.11.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32.9 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

For the period 2007–2011, the estimated median annual income for a household in the town was $34,667, and the median income for a family was $39,167. Male full-time workers had a median income of $40,000 versus $36,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,863. About 10.7% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of those under age 18 and 13.6% of those age 65 or over.<ref>{{cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/11_5YR/DP03/1600000US0124880| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212083732/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/11_5YR/DP03/1600000US0124880| url-status=dead| archive-date=February 12, 2020| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2007-2011 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): Excel town, Alabama| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| accessdate=February 1, 2013}}</ref>

