==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 403
|1970= 334
|1980= 252
|1990= 197
|2000= 139
|2010= 130
|2020= 70
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 139 people, 59 households, and 45 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|53.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|29.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 79.14% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 20.86% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]]. 0.72% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 59 households, out of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.7% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.7% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 30.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $42,188, and the median income for a family was $50,114. Males had a median income of $51,667 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,262. There were 4.8% of families and 7.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 7.1% of under eighteens and 13.0% of those over 64.

