==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 220
|1890= 263
|1900= 284
|1910= 275
|1920= 289
|1930= 268
|1940= 254
|1950= 281
|1960= 311
|1970= 351
|1980= 538
|1990= 425
|2000= 427
|2010= 442
|2020= 388
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Greentop is part of the [[Kirksville, Missouri|Kirksville]] [[Kirksville micropolitan area|Micropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 442 people, 199 households, and 130 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|539.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 222 housing units at an average density of {{convert|270.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 199 households, of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.7% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 41.5 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 427 people, 190 households, and 126 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|521.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 221 housing units at an average density of {{convert|269.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.94% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.94% of the population.

There were 190 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.2% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,953, and the median income for a family was $37,750. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $19,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,757. About 13.9% of families and 17.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.8% of those under age 18 and 27.7% of those age 65 or over.

