==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 206
|1990= 207
|2000= 168
|2010= 231
|2020= 222
|estimate= 216
|estyear= 2025
|estref= <ref name="IndianaDemographics">{{cite web|url=https://www.indiana-demographics.com/shamrock-lakes-demographics|title=Shamrock Lakes Demographic Statistics|publisher=Indiana Demographics by Cubit|accessdate=January 28, 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 231 people, 94 households, and 74 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|888.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 101 housing units at an average density of {{convert|388.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 94 households, of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.3% were non-families. 19.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the town was 48.8 years. 20.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 39.4% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 168 people, 66 households, and 57 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|626.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 69 housing units at an average density of {{convert|257.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.60% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 66 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.6% were non-families. 9.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.2% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 18.5% from 25 to 44, 43.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $61,875, and the median income for a family was $65,250. Males had a median income of $46,250 versus $19,219 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,088. None of the families and 2.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

