==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = 
| 1940 = 89
| 1950 = 120
| 1960 = 295
| 1970 = 678
| 1980 = 826
| 1990 = 839
| 2000 = 832
| 2010 = 792
| 2020 = 808
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=October 20, 2016 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 792 people, 286 households, and 224 families residing in the village. The racial makeup of the village was 92.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.9% of the population.

There were 286 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.1% had a male householder with no wife present, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.7% were non-families. 15.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 persons and the average family size was 3.10 persons.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2old">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, the population density was {{convert|952.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 297 housing units at an average density of {{convert|339.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 36.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older, and the median age for the village was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.5 males and for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $132,155, and the median income for a family was $144,708. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $50,156 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $56,191. None of the families and 1.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty threshold]], including none under the age of 18 and 3.2% of those over the age of 64.

