==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 4427
|1940= 5750
|1950= 7505
|1960= 8255
|1970= 9154
|1980= 8216
|1990= 7516
|2000= 7261
|2010= 7287
|2020= 7591
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2020,<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US3682117&y=2020&d=DEC%20Demographic%20Profile |access-date=May 3, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 7,591 people, 2,691 households, and 1,959 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|12126.20|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,787 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4423.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 67.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|American Indian and Alaska Native]], 19.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.9% of the population.

There were 2,691 households, out of which 33.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% were unmarried couples living together, 24.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 12.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 33.4% of households had individuals under 18 years of age, and 38.6% had individuals 65 years of age and older.

21.3% of the population was below the age of 18, and 19.0% of the population was above the age of 65. The median age was 43.9.

According to the [[American Community Survey]], The median income for a household in the village was estimated at $120,625.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=income&g=160XX00US3682117&y=2020 |access-date=May 4, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> About 1.2% of the population were below the [[Poverty line in the United States|poverty line]] in 2020, including 4.6% of those aged 65 years or older.

