==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1950= 225
|1960= 292
|1970= 300
|1980= 702
|1990= 818
|2000= 622
|2010= 698
|2020= 766
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 698 people, 300 households, and 203 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|349.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|inhabitants&nbsp;|inhabitants|}}. There were 312 housing units at an average density of {{convert|156.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 300 households, of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.3% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the village was 43.6 years. 20.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 28.7% were from 45 to 64; and 19.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 622 people, 248 households, and 176 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|312.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|inhabitants&nbsp;|inhabitants|}}. There were 270 housing units at an average density of {{convert|135.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.48% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.05% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.80% of the population.

There were 248 households, out of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.0% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.3% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 29.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $42,083. Males had a median income of $34,167 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,678. About 3.9% of families and 6.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

