==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 166
|1900= 207
|1910= 199
|1930= 753
|1940= 653
|1950= 517
|1960= 433
|1970= 398
|1980= 439
|1990= 389
|2000= 488
|2010= 1911
|2020= 510
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Walnut Grove racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2877520&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=June 1, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|135
|26.47%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|355
|69.61%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|3
|0.59%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|1
|0.2%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|2
|0.39%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|6
|1.18%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|8
|1.57%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''510'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 510 people, 286 households, and 172 families residing in the town.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 488 people, 215 households, and 127 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|610.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 239 housing units at an average density of {{convert|298.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 57.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 40.78% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.41% of the population.

There were 215 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.5% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,719, and the median income for a family was $27,981. Males had a median income of $21,667 versus $26,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,851. About 25.2% of families and 29.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 47.1% of those under age 18 and 15.1% of those age 65 or over.

The 2006 population estimate had 1,424 residents; this dramatic increase is due to the annexation of the Walnut Grove Correctional Facility and its inmate population.<ref name="growth">"[http://mscat.msstate.edu/firstimpressions/WalnutGrove/WalnutGrove.pdf Walnut Grove] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20160304235520/http://mscat.msstate.edu/firstimpressions/WalnutGrove/WalnutGrove.pdf |date=2016-03-04 }}." ''First Impressions''. [[Mississippi State University]], February 2008. 0 (3/21). Retrieved on August 14, 2010. "Looking at the MDA profile, the population growth is impressive (year 2000 – 488, year 2006 – 1,424). However, we learned that most of this population growth has been due to the location and annexation of the Walnut Grove Youth Correctional Facility."</ref> The continued growth through estimates for 2016 largely represented additional inmate population.

