==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1960 = 207
| 1970 = 198
| 1980 = 338
| 1990 = 289
| 2000 = 388
| 2010 = 411
| 2020 = 381
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 411 people, 172 households, and 102 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|856.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 188 housing units at an average density of {{convert|391.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 172 households, of which 20.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.7% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the village was 52.1 years. 17% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.2% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 31.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.5% male and 54.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 388 people, 139 households, and 86 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 813.6 people per square mile (312.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 144 housing units at an average density of 302.0 per square mile (115.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.77% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 139 households, out of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.8% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 17.8% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 38.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $34,107, and the median income for a family was $50,556. Males had a median income of $26,563 versus $20,859 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,587. None of the families and 5.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 13.4% of those over 64.

