==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 174
|1930= 173
|1940= 107
|1950= 99
|1960= 82
|1970= 75
|1980= 129
|1990= 59
|2000= 57
|2010= 92
|2020= 76
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 92 people, 30 households, and 24 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|613.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|253.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 30 households, of which 46.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 10.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.07 and the average family size was 3.38.

The median age in the town was 29.3 years. 33.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 33.7% were from 25 to 44; 19.6% were from 45 to 64; and 5.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 39.1% male and 60.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 57 people, 29 households, and 14 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 524.5 people per square mile (200.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 37 housing units at an average density of 340.5 per square mile (129.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 94.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.51% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.02% of the population.

There were 29 households, out of which 17.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.3% were non-families. 48.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.5% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 40.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 62.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,750, and the median income for a family was $43,125. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $30,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,137. There were 18.2% of families and 12.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

