==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 6448
|2020= 7170
|
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/technical-documentation/research/evaluation-estimates/2020-evaluation-estimates/2010s-counties-total.html/|title=County Population Totals: 2010-2020|access-date=June 20, 2021}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov2">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |accessdate=November 18, 2012 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2010, there were 6,448 people, 2,447 households, and 1,782 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|457.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,554 housing units at an average density of {{convert|181.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 2,447 households, of which 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.2% were non-families. 20.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the village was 35.3 years. 26.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 10.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

