==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 147
|2020= 148
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br>2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

The population at the [[2020 United States census]] was 148.<ref name="2020 census"/> The population density was {{convert|56.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Valley Ford was 102 (68.9%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 2 (1.4%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 2 (1.4%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 23 (15.5%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 19 (12.8%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 38 persons (25.7%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Valley Ford CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0681778 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 17, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 53 households, out of which 12 (22.6%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 31 (58.5%) were married-couple households, 6 (11.3%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 8 (15.1%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 8 (15.1%) had a male householder with no partner present. 11 households (20.8%) were one person, and 4 (7.5%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.79.<ref name=DP1/> There were 33 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (62.3% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Valley Ford CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0681778 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 17, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 27 people (18.2%) under the age of 18, 5 people (3.4%) aged 18 to 24, 47 people (31.8%) aged 25 to 44, 40 people (27.0%) aged 45 to 64, and 29 people (19.6%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 42.0{{nbsp}}years.    There were 74 males and 74 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|22.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 53 (88.3%) were occupied. Of these, 46 (86.8%) were owner-occupied, and 7 (13.2%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

