==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 325
|2000= 240
|2010= 233
|2020= 239
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 233 people, 99 households, and 73 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|270.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|127.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.0% from two or more races.

There were 99 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.3% were non-families. 21.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the town was 48.9 years. 18% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.4% were from 25 to 44; 39.9% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 240 people, 91 households, and 75 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|274.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|113.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.67% from two or more races.

There were 91 households, out of which 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.5% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 2.9% from 18 to 24, 21.7% from 25 to 44, 32.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $47,083, and the median income for a family was $50,938. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $33,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,943. None of the families and 0.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 6.9% of those over 64.

