==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1960 = 167
| 1970 = 225
| 1980 = 220
| 1990 = 340
| 2000 = 448
| 2010 = 806
| 2020 = 829
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{cbignore}}<br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Garrett, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Garrett%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 21, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 448 people, 147 households, and 118 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,338.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|472.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 71.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.56% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 22.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 35.27% of the population.

There were 147 households, out of which 45.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.7% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.05 and the average family size was 3.32.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.5% under the age of 18, 11.6% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 4.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,104, and the median income for a family was $40,469. Males had a median income of $27,132 versus $20,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,810. About 8.9% of families and 14.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

