==Demographics==
The current Tornado CDP is much smaller than the Upper Falls CDP of 2010, with a total population of 1,081, a total area of {{convert|3.67|sqmi}}, median household income of $67,564, 18.7% of residents attaining a bachelor's degree or higher, an employment rate of 55.9%, 446 total households, 441 total housing units and 4.2% without health care coverage.

===2010 census===
In 2010, the CDP was named Upper Falls and was much larger than the current CDP.

As of the [[2010 United States Census|census of 2010]],<ref name="ReferenceA">United States Census Bureau [https://archive.today/20200212143328/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US5482180] "Upper Falls CDP, West Virginia 2010 Demographic Profile Data"</ref> there were 3,701 people, 1,458 households, and 1,072 families residing in the community. The Upper Falls CDP, which spanned {{convert|17.18|sqmi|sqkm}}, constituted the largest CDP in West Virginia by area.<ref name="2010_Census">{{cite web|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/GCTPH1.ST10?slice=GEO~0400000US54|title=American Factfinder|work=United States Census Bureau|publisher=United States Department of Commerce|access-date=August 18, 2014|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200214002327/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/GCTPH1.ST10?slice=GEO~0400000US54|archive-date=February 14, 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref> The population density was 218.6 people per square mile (84.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,549 [[housing unit]]s at an average density of 91.7/sq&nbsp;mi (35.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the community was 96.8% [[White American|White]], 1.1% [[African American]], 0.4% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian]] and [[Alaska Natives]], 0.3% [[Asian American|Asian]], 0.1% from other races, and 1.3% from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 1,458 households, out of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were married couples living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.5% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54, and the average family size was 2.93.

The community's age distribution was 19.4% under the age of 15, 10.2% from 15 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 31% from 45 to 64, and 14.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.4 males.

===2000 census===
In 2000, the CDP was named Tornado and covered a much smaller area than the Upper Falls CDP of 2010.

For the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=31 January 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,111 people, 419 households, and 330 families residing in the CDP, which had a total area of {{convert|3.60|sqmi}} and a population density of 309.0 people per square mile (119.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 437 housing units at an average density of 121.6/sq mi (46.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.54% of the population.

There were 419 households, out of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.7% were married couples living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.2% were non-families. 17.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.01.

In Tornado the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 32.2% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $50,000, and the median income for a family was $50,350. Males had a median income of $31,932 versus $25,670 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $18,999. About 2.3% of families and 3.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.3% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

