==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 846
| 2010 = 865
| 2020 = 635
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As the [[census]] of 2010, there were 865 people in the Helenwood CDP.

As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 846 people, 341 households, and 247 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|307.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 364 housing units at an average density of {{convert|132.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.59% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.54% from two or more races.

There were 341 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 11.0% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,148, and the median income for a family was $21,094. Males had a median income of $26,023 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,217. About 28.1% of families and 33.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 49.4% of those under age 18 and 16.5% of those age 65 or over.

