==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 2044
|2020= 1963
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing by Decades|publisher=[[US Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2/> 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2/>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''St. Bonaventure CDP, New York – Demographic Profile'''<br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')
!Race / Ethnicity
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – St. Bonaventure CDP, New York|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US3664551&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – St. Bonaventure CDP, New York|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US3664551&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|1,765
|1,623
|86.35%
|82.68
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|102
|153
|4.99%
|7.79%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|5
|3
|0.24%
|0.15%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|66
|60
|3.23%
|3.06%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|1
|0
|0.05%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Some Other Race]] alone (NH)
|1
|0
|0.05%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed Race/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|29
|31
|1.42%
|1.58%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|75
|93
|3.67%
|4.74%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''2,044'''
|'''1,963'''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|}
''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.''

===2000 Census===

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,127 people, 250 households, and 153 families residing in the community.  The population density was {{convert|1,047.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 265 housing units at an average density of {{convert|130.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.83% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.61% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.50% of the population.

There were 250 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.4% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.78. In the area the population was spread out, with 5.1% under the age of 18, 74.6% from 18 to 24, 6.9% from 25 to 44, 7.9% from 45 to 64, and 5.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.

The median income for a household in the community was $38,438, and the median income for a family was $43,542. Males had a median income of $32,292 versus $21,591 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,738.  About 4.8% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under age 18 and 7.0% of those age 65 or over.

