==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 714
|1940= 681
|1950= 880
|1960= 1448
|1970= 1414
|1980= 1195
|1990= 1025
|2000= 1147
|2010= 1145
|2020= 1108
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,147 people, 492 households, and 319 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1866.3|PD/sqmi}}. There were 512 housing units at an average density of {{convert|833.1|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.61% of the population.

There were 492 households, out of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,455, and the median income for a family was $48,828. Males had a median income of $33,558 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,733. About 5.0% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.5% of those under age 18 and 1.4% of those age 65 or over.

The late Rick Bonnell, a [[National Basketball Association]] writer for the ''[[Charlotte Observer]]'', was born and raised in the Village of South Corning.

