==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 354
|1880= 304
|1890= 303
|1900= 265
|1910= 217
|1920= 220
|1930= 202
|1940= 187
|1950= 156
|1960= 116
|1970= 114
|1980= 105
|1990= 82
|2000= 100
|2010= 94
|2020= 54
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 94 people, 47 households, and 26 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|293.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|187.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 6.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 47 households, of which 14.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.7% were non-families. 42.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the village was 44.5 years. 13.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 29.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 100 people, 45 households, and 27 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|308.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|200.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 45 households, out of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 40.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 132.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 127.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $20,250, and the median income for a family was $24,792. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,634. There were 5.9% of families and 13.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 31.3% of those over 64.

