==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 591
|1910= 324
|1920= 821
|1930= 678
|1940= 637
|1950= 589
|1960= 397
|1970= 400
|1980= 464
|1990= 658
|2000= 698
|2010= 696
|2020= 614
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 698 people, 218 households, and 180 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 138.8 people per square mile (53.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 245 housing units at an average density of 48.7 per square mile (18.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.15% of the population.

There were 218 households, out of which 43.6% had children under 18 living with them, 72.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.0% were non-families. 16.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.20, and the average family size was 3.61.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 38.0% under 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.7 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 102.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,625, and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $32,333 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,700. About 9.5% of families and 13.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.9% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those aged 65 or over.

