==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 232
|1900= 253
|1910= 339
|1920= 330
|1930= 284
|1940= 270
|1950= 244
|1960= 190
|1970= 169
|1980= 155
|1990= 175
|2000= 151
|2010= 183
|2020= 185
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 4, 2013}}</ref><br>2015 Estimate<ref name="2015 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 12, 2016|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20161019182931/https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 183 people, 67 households, and 50 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|590.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|261.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 7.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.0% of the population.

There were 67 households, of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.4% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.22.

The median age in the town was 37.6 years. 27.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 32.8% were from 45 to 64; and 8.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.4% male and 54.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 151 people, 56 households, and 43 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 451.9 people per square mile (176.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 75 housing units at an average density of 224.5 per square mile (87.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.66% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.66% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.64% of the population.

There were 56 households, out of which 48.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.2% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.1% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 6.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,417, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $41,500 versus $21,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,823. About 14.3% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.6% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

