==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 290
|1930= 249
|1940= 224
|1950= 155
|1960= 204
|1970= 168
|1980= 108
|1990= 80
|2000= 75
|2010= 65
|2020= 55
|estyear=2021
|estimate=51
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=July 21, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 21, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 17, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 65 people, 25 households, and 18 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|100.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|49.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 56.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 40.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 25 households, of which 44.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 12.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.0% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the city was 36.3 years. 29.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 60.0% male and 40.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 75 people, 34 households, and 21 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|113.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|71.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 57.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 42.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 34 households, out of which 20.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.68.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 2.7% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 32.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $10,625, and the median income for a family was $29,167. Males had a median income of $26,563 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,783. There were 41.7% of families and 44.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

