==Demographics==
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{cite web |url=https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results |title=Data Center Results |website=apps.mla.org |access-date=May 22, 2022 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20160308223853/https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results |archive-date=March 8, 2016 |url-status=dead}}</ref> !! Percent
|-
| Spoke [[Navajo language|Navajo]] at home || 73%
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 27%
|}
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 547
|2010= 452
|2020= 355
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
Bitter Springs first appeared on the 2000 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).<ref>{{Cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2000/phc-1-4.pdf |title=Arizona: 2000 - Summary Population and Housing Characteristics |access-date=October 1, 2019 |archive-date=October 1, 2019 |author=U.S. Census Bureau |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20191001023716/https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2000/phc-1-4.pdf |url-status=dead }}</ref>

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 547 people, 104 households, and 97 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|66.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 127 housing units at an average density of {{convert|15.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 99% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]] and 1% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], with <1% of the population made up of [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 104 households, out of which 73% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58% were married couples living together, 26% had a female householder with no husband present, and 5.8% were non-families. 4.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 5.3 and the average family size was 5.3.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 48% under the age of 18, 14% from 18 to 24, 25% from 25 to 44, 11% from 45 to 64, and 2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 19 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,886, and the median income for a family was $30,217. Males had a median income of $11,477 versus $14,038 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,985.  About 25% of families and 30% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

