==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 244
| 1920 = 347
| 1930 = 199
| 1940 = 248
| 1950 = 240
| 1960 = 233
| 1970 = 189
| 1980 = 216
| 1990 = 88
| 2000 = 120
| 2010 = 124
| 2020 = 87
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 81
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 120 people, 50 households, and 32 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|118.8|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|62.4|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 72.50% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 20.00% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 4.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.33% from two or more races. 5.00% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 50 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 22.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 118.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,958, and the median income for a family was $25,000. Males had a median income of $24,583 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,416. There were 22.2% of families and 20.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of under 18 and 30.8% of those over 64.

