==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
| 1960 = 245
| 1970 = 209
| 1980 = 222
| 1990 = 132
| 2000 = 135
| 2010 = 108
| 2020 = 145
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Springlake, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Springlake%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=Jun 3, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 135 people, 54 households, and 38 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|132.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|66.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 80.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 19.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 33.33% of the population.

There were 54 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.6% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.4% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,000, and the median income for a family was $20,625. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $13,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $7,841. There were 34.3% of families and 42.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 51.9% of under eighteens and 35.7% of those over 64.

