==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 579
|1890= 890
|1900= 886
|1910= 915
|1920= 936
|1930= 347
|1940= 912
|1950= 1003
|1960= 1090
|1970= 1175
|1980= 1222
|1990= 1248
|2000= 1340
|2010= 1283
|2020= 1305
|estyear=2023
|estimate=1285
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,283 people, 505 households, and 345 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1309.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 591 housing units at an average density of {{convert|603.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.3% of the population.

There were 505 households, of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.7% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the village was 35.3 years. 28.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 24% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,340 people, 541 households, and 360 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,469.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 569 housing units at an average density of {{convert|623.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.51% of the population.

There were 541 [[household]]s, out of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 93.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,115, and the median income for a family was $39,196. Males had a median income of $29,950 versus $23,077 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,265. 9.7% of the population and 7.2% of families were below the [[poverty]] line. Out of the total population, 12.9% of those under the age of 18 and 9.7% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

