==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 193
|1870= 416
|1880= 446
|1890= 420
|1900= 404
|1910= 446
|1920= 460
|1930= 442
|1940= 531
|1950= 591
|1960= 592
|1970= 530
|1980= 577
|1990= 437
|2000= 395
|2010= 366
|2020= 337
|estimate= 342
|estyear= 2025
|estref= <ref name="IndianaDemographics">{{cite web|url=https://www.indiana-demographics.com/lewisville-demographics|title=Lewisville Demographic Statistics|publisher=Indiana Demographics by Cubit|accessdate=January 29, 2025}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 366 people, 145 households, and 104 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1464.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 164 housing units at an average density of {{convert|656.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 145 households, of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.3% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the town was 42.4 years. 20.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 395 people, 151 households, and 117 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,206.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 157 housing units at an average density of {{convert|479.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.76% from two or more races.

There were 151 households, out of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.9% were non-families. 19.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.5 males.

The median household income of the town was $37,841, and the median family income was $43,750. Males had a median income of $34,750, versus $23,864 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,476. About 4.5% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

