==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 198
|1860= 228
|1870= 167
|1880= 175
|1890= 122
|1900= 148
|1910= 185
|1920= 141
|1930= 241
|1940= 328
|1950= 383
|1960= 396
|1970= 425
|1980= 410
|1990= 257
|2000= 222
|2010= 272
|2020= 232
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 272 people, 107 households, and 74 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|735.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|313.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.5% from two or more races.

There were 107 households, of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.8% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 45.7 years. 21% of residents were under the age of 18; 4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 18.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.3% male and 46.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 222 people, 90 households, and 70 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|614.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|271.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.80% from two or more races.

There were 90 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 17.1% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 31.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females there were 88.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $42,500 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,184. About 13.6% of families and 15.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.4% of those 65 or over.

