==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 186
|1920= 250
|1930= 167
|1940= 194
|1950= 158
|1960= 134
|1970= 97
|1980= 119
|1990= 123
|2000= 106
|2010= 116
|2020= 104
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
{| border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5" style="float:right; margin-left:15px;"
| align=center | '''Village of Paden<br/>Population by year <sup>[https://web.archive.org/web/20040611035604/http://eire.census.gov/popest/data/cities.php]</sup>'''
|-
| align="center" |
1990 - 123<br/>
2000 - 106<br/>
2004 - 106 (estimate)<br/>
|}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 106 people, 49 households, and 29 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|118.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|72.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 49 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.8% were non-families. 38.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 36.8% from 25 to 44, 16.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,333, and the median income for a family was $43,000. Males had a median income of $28,333 versus $16,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,861. There were 5.3% of families and 4.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

