==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 186
|1890= 172
|1900= 200
|1910= 134
|1920= 137
|1930= 101
|1940= 86
|1950= 76
|1960= 43
|1970= 32
|1980= 31
|1990= 30
|2000= 24
|2010= 27
|2020= 12
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2020, there were 12 people and 6 occupied housing units in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|150|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 8 housing units at an average density of {{convert|100|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 8% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]]. The town lost significant population between the 2010 census (27 people) and the 2020 census (12 people), passing [[River Forest, Indiana|River Forest]] as the smallest municipality in the state.

===2010 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2010, there were 27 people, 11 households, and 8 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|337.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|inhabitants&nbsp;|inhabitants}}. There were 20 housing units at an average density of {{convert|250.0|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 85.2% [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 11.1% from [[Other races (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 11.1% of the population.

There were 11 households, of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.3% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the town was 42.3 years. 29.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.9% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 55.6% male and 44.4% female.

