==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 65
|1990= 187
|2000= 221
|2010= 272
|2020= 482
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 221 people, 112 households, and 81 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|72.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 675 housing units at an average density of {{convert|222.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.45% from two or more races.

There were 112 households, out of which 11.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.30.

In the city the population was spread out, with 9.5% under the age of 18, 2.3% from 18 to 24, 8.1% from 25 to 44, 34.4% from 45 to 64, and 45.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 64 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.7 males.

In 2010 the largest self-identified ancestry/ethnic groups were:
* People who self-identified as being of [[English people|English]] ancestry - 33.0%
* People who self-identified as being of [[German people|German]] ancestry - 20.6%
* People who self-identified as being of [[American ancestry|"American"]] ancestry - 10.3%
* People who self-identified as being of [[Irish people|Irish]] ancestry - 8.5%
* People who self-identified as being of [[Scottish people|Scottish]] ancestry - 4.6%
* People who self-identified as being of [[Scots-Irish Americans|Scots-Irish]] ancestry - 4.4%
* People who self-identified as being of [[French people|French]] ancestry - 3.6%
* People who self-identified as being of [[Dutch people|Dutch]] ancestry - 2.3%<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|title=U.S. Census website|publisher=United States Census Bureau|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2019-07-09}}</ref>

The median income for a household in the city was $44,750, and the median income for a family was $57,500. Males had a median income of $41,875 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $31,511.  About 5.6% of families and 4.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 1.8% of those 65 or over.

