==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1890= 974
|1900= 954
|1910= 1153
|1920= 1236
|1930= 1195
|1940= 1168
|1950= 1289
|1960= 1321
|1970= 1266
|1980= 1207
|1990= 1350
|2000= 1473
|2010= 1329
|2020= 1356
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,473 people, 591 households, and 378 families residing in the village.  The [[population density]] was 414.0 people per square mile (159.8/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 618 housing units at an average density of 173.7/sq&nbsp;mi (67.0/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the village was 96.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.02% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.22% of the population. 36% reported French Canadian and French ancestry, 15% English, and 9% Irish.<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.epodunk.com/cgi-bin/genealogyInfo.php?locIndex=25124|title=Enosburg Falls - Enosburg Falls - Ancestry & family history - ePodunk|website=www.epodunk.com}}</ref>

There were 591 households, out of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.0% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,221, and the median income for a family was $37,813. Males had a median income of $30,395 versus $20,542 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,195.  About 8.0% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.0% of those under age 18 and 16.9% of those age 65 or over.

