==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 353
|2000= 669
|2010= 862
|2020= 884
|footnote=Source:<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=July 4, 2016 |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref>
}}
Ak-Chin Village first appeared on the 1990 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).<ref>[https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1990/cp-1/cp-1-4.pdf? Census data] census.gov</ref>

At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 669 people, 197 households, and 157 families in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|63.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 212 housing units at an average density of {{convert|20.2|/sqmi|/km2}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 4.0% White, 0.3% Black or African American, 91.6% Native American, 3.3% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races.  9.0% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref name="GR2">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=January 31, 2008 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
Of the 197 households 49.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were married couples living together, 28.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.8% were non-families. 17.3% of households were one person and 1.5% were one person aged 65 or older.  The average household size was 3.40 and the average family size was 3.81.

The age distribution was 41.4% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 14.2% from 45 to 64, and 3.9% 65 or older.  The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.8 males.

The median household income was $23,897 and the median family income  was $28,125. Males had a median income of $19,545 versus $21,875 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $8,389.  About 24.8% of families and 26.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.6% of those under age 18 and 22.2% of those age 65 or over.

