==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1980= 123
|1990= 53
|2000= 93
|2010= 75
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=78}}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 93 people, 41 households, and 30 families residing in the town.<ref name="GR2" /> The population density was {{convert|228.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|152.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 50.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 45.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.45% of the population.

There were 41 households, out of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $24,063. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $20,781 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,382. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].  Rocky Mound is served by the [[Pittsburg Independent School District]].

