==Demographics==
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 97 people, 38 households, and 27 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 63.2 people per square mile (24.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 42 housing units at an average density of 27.4/sq&nbsp;mi (10.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.19% of the population.

There were 38 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were married couples living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.9% were non-families. 15.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55, the average family size was 2.96.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 22.7% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 36.1% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 7.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,274, and the median income for a family was $33,810. Males had a median income of $68,750 versus $25,655 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,070. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

