==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1480
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,338   people, 404 households, and 283 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|68.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 373 housing units at an average density of {{convert|20.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 4.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 90.59% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.68% of the population.

There were 351 households, out of which 49.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 33.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.2% were non-families. 16.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.50 and the average family size was 3.88.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 38.4% under the age of 18, 12.0% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 16.3% from 45 to 64, and 4.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $22,353, and the median income for a family was $22,969. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $20,573 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,554. About 34.5% of families and 39.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.7% of those under age 18 and 34.0% of those age 65 or over.

