==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1820= 151
|1830= 267
|1840= 1018
|1850= 1643
|1860= 1486
|1870= 1646
|1880= 1473
|1890= 1771
|1900= 1825
|1910= 1831
|1920= 1618
|1930= 1754
|1940= 1895
|1950= 1941
|1960= 2257
|1970= 2107
|1980= 2018
|1990= 1804
|2000= 1676
|2010= 1784
|2020= 1667
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,784 people, 765 households, and 404 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|996.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 870 housing units at an average density of {{convert|486.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 765 households, of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.9% were married couples living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.2% were non-families. 42.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the village was 47.1 years. 20.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.9% were from 25 to 44; 26.9% were from 45 to 64; and 25.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.1% male and 54.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,676 people, 805 households, and 445 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|953.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 881 housing units at an average density of {{convert|501.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.42% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.24% of the population.

There were 805 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.5% were married couples living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.6% were non-families. 42.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 23.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 77.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,563, and the median income for a family was $39,769. Males had a median income of $31,615 versus $19,537 for females. The per capita income for the village was $17,818. About 13.7% of families and 18.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 27.0% of those under age 18 and 14.4% of those age 65 or over.

