==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 250
|1920= 263
|1930= 241
|1940= 215
|1950= 151
|1960= 153
|1970= 92
|1980= 98
|1990= 80
|2000= 102
|2010= 95
|2020= 47
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 47 people, 21 households, and 12 families in Manchester.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Manchester%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 293.8 per square mile (113.4/km{{sup|2}}). There were 40 housing units at an average density of 250.0 per square mile (96.5/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Manchester%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 100.0% (47) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (100.0% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.0% (0) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Manchester%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 0.0% (0) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Manchester%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 21 households, 9.5% had children under the age of 18; 42.9% were married couples living together; 33.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 33.3% of households consisted of individuals and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.5 and the average family size was 3.2.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Manchester%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

12.8% of the population was under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 17.0% from 25 to 44, 46.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 176.5 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 173.3 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $47,500 (with a margin of error of +/- $42,864) and the median family income was $86,250 (+/- $73,940).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Manchester%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The median income for those above 16 years old was $34,167 (+/- $18,570).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Manchester%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 95 people, 38 households, and 24 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|380.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|240.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 38 households, of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.8% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.21.

The median age in the city was 35.9 years. 31.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.4% were from 25 to 44; 30.5% were from 45 to 64; and 8.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.7% male and 45.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 102 people, 46 households, and 31 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|398.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|203.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.98% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.98% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.98% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.98% of the population.

There were 46 households, out of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.55.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.6% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 29.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 121.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,563, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $16,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,035. There were 6.3% of families and 7.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 12.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

