==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 371
| 1920 = 368
| 1930 = 321
| 1940 = 298
| 1950 = 331
| 1960 = 339
| 1970 = 285
| 1980 = 313
| 1990 = 283
| 2000 = 353
| 2010 = 238
| 2020 = 232
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 238 people, 116 households, and 60 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|253.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 142 housing units at an average density of {{convert|151.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 116 households, of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.3% were non-families. 42.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the village was 48.1 years. 18.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.2% were from 25 to 44; 31.1% were from 45 to 64; and 22.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 353 people, 172 households, and 101 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 377.4 people per square mile (145.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 196 housing units at an average density of 209.5 per square mile (80.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.28% of the population.

There were 172 households, out of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.7% were non-families. 37.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.4% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 28.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $18,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,816. About 4.9% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.7% of those under age 18 and 9.9% of those age 65 or over.

