==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 343
|1920= 415
|1930= 407
|1940= 500
|1950= 564
|1960= 545
|1970= 488
|1980= 521
|1990= 387
|2000= 335
|2010= 308
|2020= 264
|estyear=2022
|estimate=266
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 20, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 20, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 31, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 308 people, 144 households, and 82 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|302.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 182 housing units at an average density of {{convert|178.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 144 households, of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.1% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the town was 43.3 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 22.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.5% male and 55.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 335 people, 165 households, and 99 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|331.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 209 housing units at an average density of {{convert|206.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.30% of the population.

There were 165 households, out of which 19.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.4% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.62.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 2.1% from 18 to 24, 20.6% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 33.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,059, and the median income for a family was $31,500. Males had a median income of $31,458 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,860. About 4.8% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.4% of those under age 18 and 15.0% of those age 65 or over.

