==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 389
| 1980 = 558
| 1990 = 724
| 2000 = 930
| 2010 = 891
| 2020 = 821
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 831
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Greers Ferry racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0528810&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 31, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 761
| 92.69%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 5
| 0.61%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 6
| 0.73%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.12%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 30
| 3.65%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 18
| 2.19%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 821 people, 451 households, and 330 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 930 people, 398 households, and 300 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|130.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 664 housing units at an average density of {{convert|93.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.31% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.11% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.04% from two or more races.  1.18% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 398 households, out of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.4% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64, and 26.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,238, and the median income for a family was $32,344. Males had a median income of $24,200 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,496.  About 12.0% of families and 16.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.4% of those under age 18 and 8.2% of those age 65 or over.

