==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 67
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

Carman first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2020 U.S. census]].<ref>{{Cite web|title=2020 Geography Changes|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/acs/technical-documentation/table-and-geography-changes/2020/geography-changes.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=}}</ref>

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1711267 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 67 people, 91 households, and 85 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{Convert|163.81|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|70.90|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.48% of the population.

There were 91 households, out of which 0.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 83.52% were married couples living together, 0.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 6.59% were non-families. 6.59% of all households were made up of individuals, and 0.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.05.

The CDP's age distribution consisted of 0.0% under the age of 18, 0.0% from 18 to 24, 9.1% from 25 to 44, 67.9% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 64.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 133.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 133.8 males.{{clear left}}

