==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1900= 965
|1910= 1251
|1920= 1387
|1930= 1516
|1940= 1339
|1950= 1056
|1960= 833
|1970= 816
|1980= 784
|1990= 656
|2000= 624
|2010= 584
|2020= 527
|estyear=2021
|estimate=529
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 624 people, 257 households, and 178 families living in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|806.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 285 housing units at an average density of {{convert|368.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 98.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.80% of the population.

There were 257 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.7% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of eighteen, 6.1% from eighteen to twenty-four, 28.5% from twenty-five to forty-four, 24.7% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 18.1% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was forty years.

For every one hundred females there were 86.3 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen and older, there were 82.3 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $29,583, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $28,958 compared with that of $21,304 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,693.

Roughly 10.0% of families and 9.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 12.2% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 9.8% of those who were aged sixty-five or over.
{{clear}}

