==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 153
|1920= 376
|1930= 423
|1940= 520
|1950= 551
|1960= 625
|1970= 403
|1980= 283
|1990= 231
|2000= 154
|2010= 121
|2020= 137
|estyear=2022
|estimate=137
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 28, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 28, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 121 people, 67 households, and 32 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|403.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 107 housing units at an average density of {{convert|356.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 67 households, of which 13.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 52.2% were non-families. 46.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.81 and the average family size was 2.53.

The median age in the city was 50.4 years. 13.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19% were from 25 to 44; 37.2% were from 45 to 64; and 22.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.9% male and 47.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 154 people, 76 households, and 30 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|563.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|424.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 76 households, out of which 14.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 60.5% were non-families. 53.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.74 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 11.0% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 20.1% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 39.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,000, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $13,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,065. About 7.1% of families and 14.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 24.4% of those 65 or over.

