==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 100
|1900= 87
|1910= 94
|1920= 821
|1930= 996
|1940= 1030
|1950= 1349
|1960= 1085
|1970= 1081
|1980= 1446
|1990= 813
|2000= 1060
|2010= 982
|2020= 1035
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 982 people living in the city. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% White, 0.3% Black, 0.2% from some other race and 0.3% from two or more races. 0.2% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,060 people, 437 households, and 295 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|525.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 506 housing units at an average density of {{convert|250.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.75% of the population.

There were 437 households, out of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.3% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.6% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 24.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,963, and the median income for a family was $27,237. Males had a median income of $30,139 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,323. About 18.0% of families and 19.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.9% of those under age 18 and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.

