==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 372 people, 157 households, and 105 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|757.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 162 housing units at an average density of {{convert|329.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.08% of the population.

There were 157 households, of which 28.0% had children under 18 living with them, 59.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone who was 65 years of age or older living alone. The average household size was 2.37, and the average family size was 2.92.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.0% under 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 22.6% aged 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 95.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $37,625, and the median income for a family was $50,313. Males had a median income of $47,292 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,111. About 5.7% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.8% of those under age 18 and 18.3% of those age 65 or over.

