==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 696
|1920= 726
|1930= 812
|1940= 586
|1950= 415
|1960= 398
|1970= 485
|1980= 1000
|1990= 864
|2000= 716
|2010= 737
|2020= 520
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 737 people, 320 households, and 203 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|629.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 363 housing units at an average density of {{convert|310.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.1% of the population.

There were 320 households, of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.6% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the town was 42.5 years. 21% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 33.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

