==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 236
|1920= 218
|1930= 155
|1940= 220
|1950= 211
|1960= 290
|1970= 279
|1980= 295
|1990= 268
|2000= 254
|2010= 244
|2020= 272
|estyear=2023
|estimate=265
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 244 people, 96 households, and 76 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1355.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|577.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 96 households, of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.8% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 35.7 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.5% were from 25 to 44; 24.6% were from 45 to 64; and 16.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.9% male and 47.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 254 people, 94 households, and 72 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,531.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|596.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.79% from two or more races.

There were 94 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.4% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 15.7% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 106.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $45,833, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $31,827 versus $19,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,244. None of the families and 0.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 4.3% of those over 64.

