==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 190
|1910= 429
|1920= 455
|1930= 375
|1940= 437
|1950= 345
|1960= 297
|1970= 441
|1980= 524
|1990= 369
|2000= 408
|2010= 324
|2020= 475
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Lake racial composition'''<br /> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US1266725&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=March 5, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>{{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|220
|46.32%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|228
|48.0%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|3
|0.63%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|13
|2.74%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|11
|2.32%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''475'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 475 people, 172 households, and 139 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 408 people, 147 households, and 108 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|370.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 159 housing units at an average density of {{convert|144.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 44.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 55.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.49% from two or more races.

There were 147 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them; 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together; 22.4% had a female householder with no husband present; and 26.5% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.31.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 13.2% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.5 males.

The median household income of Lake was $28,333, and the median family income was $40,833. Males had a median income of $28,000 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,858. About 20.0% of families and 21.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.1% of those under age 18 and 32.6% of those age 65 or over.

