==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 344
|1890= 304
|1900= 240
|1910= 238
|1920= 260
|1930= 250
|1940= 268
|1950= 352
|1960= 387
|1970= 408
|1980= 440
|1990= 427
|2000= 366
|2010= 380
|2020= 377
|footnote=Source: Census Bureau.<br />Census [http://www.michigan.gov/documents/MCD1960-1990C_33608_7.pdf 1960-] 2000, 2010.
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 380 people, 154 households, and 98 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1027.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 171 housing units at an average density of {{convert|462.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 154 households, of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the village was 38.5 years. 26.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.5% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 12.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 366 people, 143 households, and 98 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|1,205.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 155 housing units at an average density of {{convert|510.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 93.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.55% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.64% of the population.

There were 143 households, out of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 9.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $44,375, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $50,625 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,790.  About 8.5% of families and 10.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.6% of those under age 18 and 18.5% of those age 65 or over.

