==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|44
|1910|195
|1920|225
|1930|167
|1940|186
|1950|167
|1960|176
|1970|173
|1980|145
|1990|140
|2000|132
|2010|107
|2020|120
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>}}
|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 120 people, 46 households, and 34 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 710.5 inhabitants per square mile (274.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 52 housing units at an average density of 307.9 per square mile (118.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 87.5% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.8% from other races and 11.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.7% of the population.

Of the 46 households, 39.1% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.2% were cohabitating couples, 6.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 21.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 26.1% of all households were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 41.5 years. 32.5% of the residents were under the age of 20; 0.8% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 and 44; 29.2% were from 45 and 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 107 people, 43 households, and 27 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|972.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|490.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.7% of the population.

There were 43 households, of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.2% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.26.

The median age in the city was 35.9 years. 32.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.9% were from 45 to 64; and 13.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 132 people, 51 households, and 39 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,188.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|513.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 3.03% from two or more races.

There were 51 households, out of which 43.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 23.5% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.3% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 37.9% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $30,714 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,735. There were 20.0% of families and 21.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 6.8% of under eighteens and 25.0% of those over 64.

