==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= US
|align= left
|1890|325
|1900|538
|1910|679
|1920|969
|1930|634
|1940|737
|1950|772
|1960|910
|1970|865
|1980|941
|1990|862
|2000|834
|2010|785
|2020|791
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 791 people, 351 households, and 226 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 901.9 inhabitants per square mile (348.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 374 housing units at an average density of 426.4 per square mile (164.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 92.4% [[White Americans|White]], 0.3% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.3% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 3.7% from other races and 3.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 5.6% of the population.

Of the 351 households, 22.5% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% were cohabitating couples, 26.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 16.8% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 35.6% of all households were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 21.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 52.8 years. 21.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 5.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 18.3% were from 25 and 44; 21.7% were from 45 and 64; and 33.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.4% male and 53.6% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 785 people, 360 households, and 213 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|882.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 396 housing units at an average density of {{convert|444.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 360 households, of which 20.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.8% were non-families. 38.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the city was 51.6 years. 18.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 32.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.4% male and 53.6% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 834 people, 352 households and 210 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|943.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 379 housing units at an average density of {{convert|428.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.48% of the population.

There were 352 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.1% were non-families. 37.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.95.

Age distribution was 22.1% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 20.5% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 30.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.6 males.

The median household income was $31,711, and the median family income was $40,455. Males had a median income of $31,083 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,804. About 4.1% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of those under age 18 and 7.2% of those age 65 or over.

