==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 911
|1920= 1273
|1930= 882
|1940= 813
|1950= 684
|1960= 613
|1970= 656
|1980= 663
|1990= 635
|2000= 668
|2010= 763
|2020= 786
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|website=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 763 people, 248 households, and 192 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|166.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 280 housing units at an average density of {{convert|61.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.4% of the population.

There were 248 households, of which 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.6% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.08 and the average family size was 3.60.

The median age in the city was 34.6 years. 35.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.1% were from 25 to 44; 20.8% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 668 people, 226 households, and 166 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|167.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 257 housing units at an average density of {{convert|64.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.19% of the population.

There were 226 households, out of which 39.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.60.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.8% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 20.5% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,643, and the median income for a family was $34,792. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,983.  About 9.1% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.2% of those under age 18 and 4.8% of those age 65 or over.

