==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 391
|1880= 838
|1890= 3110
|1900= 4948
|1910= 9331
|1920= 11049
|1930= 12395
|1940= 11548
|1950= 8948
|1960= 7738
|1970= 7698
|1980= 6699
|1990= 6276
|2000= 6205
|2010= 6070
|2020= 6038
|estyear=2021
|estimate=6033
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2011-05-14 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 6,070 people, 2,703 households, and 1,636 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,264.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,921 housing units at an average density of {{convert|608.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.8% of the population.

There were 2,703 households, out of which 22.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.5% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 18.9% under the age of 18, 62% from 18 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.3 years.

The median income for a household in the borough was $31,422, and the median income for a family was $41,394. Males had a median income of $32,174 versus $23,766 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,370. About 3.5% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.6% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.

===2000===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 6,205 people, 2,692 households, and 1,722 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,317.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,913 housing units at an average density of {{convert|618.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.84% of the population.

There were 2,692 households, out of which 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.0% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 19.9% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 88.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.6 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $31,422, and the median income for a family was $41,394. Males had a median income of $32,174 versus $23,766 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,370. About 3.5% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.6% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.

