==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 437
|1920= 452
|1930= 437
|1940= 481
|1950= 570
|1960= 609
|1970= 629
|1980= 691
|1990= 592
|2000= 627
|2010= 563
|2020= 514
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.michigan.gov/documents/MCD1960-1990C_33608_7.pdf U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 563 people, 225 households, and 154 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|502.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 257 housing units at an average density of {{convert|229.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.9% of the population.

There were 225 households, of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.6% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the village was 37.3 years. 27.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.7% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 627 people, 238 households, and 169 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|572.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 260 housing units at an average density of {{convert|237.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 93.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.34% of the population.

There were 238 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,391, and the median income for a family was $38,929. Males had a median income of $31,484 versus $21,719 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,741.  About 4.8% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

===1880 census===
Population, 1,609. In 1882 the number of acres assessed was 22,706; total equalized valuation of real and personal property was $476,815; number of farms in 1881, 242; acres of improved land, 8,222; bushels of wheat in 1880, 
39,582; of corn, 67,643; tons of hay, 1,204.<ref name="babel-hathitrust">"Town of Fairgrove." In History of Tuscola and Bay Counties, Mich with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of their prominent men and pioneers. http://babel.hathitrust.org/cgi/pt?id=miua.4747476.0001.001;view=1up;seq=190 . Chicago: H.R. Page & Co., 1883. 136.</ref>{{Reference page|190}}

===1874 Michigan state census===
Population, 1,056; bushels of wheat raised, 5,900; bushels of corn raised, 17,747; bushels of potatoes, 10,774; tons of hay cut, 1,580.<ref name="babel-hathitrust" />{{Reference page|190}}

===1870 census===
Population, 928; number of farms, 128; voters, 185; pounds of wool sheared, 3,345; pounds of butter made, 43,790; bushels of wheat raised, 6,677; bushels of potatoes raised, 8,489; tons of hay cut, 1,233; bushels of corn raised, 4,726; bushels of oats raised, 7,175.<ref name="babel-hathitrust" />{{Reference page|190}}

===1860 census===
Population, 367; families, 91; dwellings, 91; number of 
occupied farms, 87; number of acres improved, 1,398; number of horses, 15; number of cows, 114; bushels of wheat-raised, 1,396; bushels of rye raised, 48; bushels of corn raised, 1,363; bushels of oats raised, 1,082; bushels of potatoes raised, 1,325; pounds of butter made, 5,940.<ref name="babel-hathitrust" />{{Reference page|190}}

