==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|2000= 316
|2010= 
|2020= 330
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2000<ref name=2000CensusVA>{{Cite web|title= 2000 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - Virginia|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-48.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2010<ref name=2010CensusVA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - Virginia|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2020
}}

Keokee was first listed as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2000 U.S. census]].<ref name=2000CensusVA/>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 316 people, 128 households, and 88 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 72.9 people per square mile (28.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 147 housing units at an average density of 33.9/sq&nbsp;mi (13.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.95% of the population.

There were 128 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $22,875, and the median income for a family was $23,438. Males had a median income of $22,639 versus $23,229 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,025. About 19.4% of families and 20.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.1% of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 and older.

