==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 9026
|2000= 8365
|2010= 8466
|2020= 9041
|footnote=<ref>{{Cite web |url=http://www.dvrpc.org/data/databull/rdb/db82/appedixa.xls |title=DVRPC > Site Search |access-date=January 31, 2017 |archive-date=April 9, 2019 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20190409042424/https://www.dvrpc.org/data/databull/rdb/db82/appedixa.xls |url-status=dead }}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census, Fairless Hills was 85.2% White, 3.7% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 5.6% Asian, 0.1% some other race, and 1.6% were two or more races. 3.6% were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry. 8.4% of the population were foreign-born.<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |title=Census 2010: Philadelphia gains, Pittsburgh shrinks in population |work=[[USA Today]] |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20110314234139/https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |archive-date=2011-03-14 |url-status=dead}}</ref>
 
As of the 2000 census, there were 3,220 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males. For every 100 women age 18 and over, there were 88.2 men.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $45,424, and the median income for a family was $57,190. Men had a median income of $38,767 versus $31,519 for women. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,111. About 2.7% of families and 5.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.9% of those under age 18 and 8.0% of those age 65 or over.

