==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 260
|1900= 353
|1910= 474
|1920= 700
|1930= 667
|1940= 771
|1950= 977
|1960= 828
|1970= 791
|1980= 972
|1990= 940
|2000= 1158
|2010= 1199
|2020= 1294
|estyear=2024
|estimate=1481
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 10, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,199 people, 533 households, and 287 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|922.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 602 housing units at an average density of {{convert|463.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 533 households, of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.2% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 38.9 years. 23.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 22.6% were from 45 to 64; and 22.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.0% male and 54.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,158 people, 492 households, and 276 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|926.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 535 housing units at an average density of {{convert|428.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.30% of the population. 27.4% were of [[German American|German]], 25.5% [[Finnish American|Finnish]], 13.5% [[Norwegian American|Norwegian]], and 5.4% [[Swedish American|Swedish]] ancestry.

There were 492 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.9% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 20.6% from 25 to 44, 16.5% from 45 to 64, and 31.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,596, and the median income for a family was $35,536. Males had a median income of $29,286 versus $18,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,949. About 11.7% of families and 17.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.7% of those under age 18 and 19.0% of those age 65 or over.

