==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2010 = 401
| 2020 = 487
| align-fn = center
| footnote = [https://webarchive.loc.gov/all/20150112190311/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/searchresults.xhtml?refresh=t 2010 U.S. Census]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 census, there were 487 people, 217 housing units, and 150 families. There were 416 [[White Americans|White]] people, 3 [[African Americans]], 14 [[Native Americans in the United States|Native Americans]], 3 [[Asian Americans|Asians]], 0 Pacific Islanders, 15 people from some other race, and 36 from two or more races. 25 people were of [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] origin.<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Skamokawa_Valley_CDP,_Washington?g=160XX00US5364755 |access-date=2023-05-17 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

The ancestry of Skamokawa Valley was 29.7% [[German Americans|German]], 15.7% [[Irish Americans|Irish]], 9.6% [[Scottish Americans|Scottish]], 9.2% [[English Americans|English]], 4.0% [[French Americans|French]], and 2.0% [[Norwegian Americans|Norwegian]].<ref name=":0" />

The median age was 64.1 years old. 32.9% of the population were older than 65 years old, with 6.4% being between the ages of 65 and 74, 23.7% being  between the ages of 75 and 84, and 2.8% being older than 85.<ref name=":0" />

The median household income was $16,934, with families having a median income of $27,917. 50.2% of the population were in poverty, with 74.9% of people between the ages of 18 and 64 in poverty.<ref name=":0" />

===2010 census===
As of the census of 2010,<ref name=census>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |title=U.S. Census website |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]  |date=2011 |accessdate=6 June 2014}}</ref> there were 401 people, 159 households, and 104 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|14.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 200 housing units at an average density of {{convert|7.0|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 159 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were married couples living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 25.7% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 20.9% from 25 to 44, 33.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.7 males.

