==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 273
|1940= 276
|1950= 270
|1960= 290
|1970= 291
|1980= 785
|1990= 930
|2000= 1006
|2010= 986
|2020= 1101
|estyear=2024
|estimate=1091
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=December 10, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

According to realtor website [[Zillow]], the average price of a home as of October 31, 2025, in Thompson is $356,166.<ref>{{Cite web|title=Thompson, ND Housing Market |url=https://www.zillow.com/home-values/56729/thompson-nd/ |publisher=[[Zillow]] |access-date=December 10, 2025 |language=en}}</ref>

As of the 2023 [[American Community Survey]], there are 412 estimated households in Thompson with an average of 2.65 persons per household. The city has a median household income of $110,909. Approximately 1.0% of the city's population lives at or below the [[Poverty in the United States|poverty line]]. Thompson has an estimated 75.3% employment rate, with 39.7% of the population holding a bachelor's degree or higher and 98.1% holding a high school diploma.<ref name="QF">{{Cite web|title=U.S. Census Bureau QuickFacts: Thompson city, North Dakota |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/thompsoncitynorthdakota/PST045224 |access-date=December 10, 2025 |website=www.census.gov |language=en}}</ref> There were 439 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1016.20|/sqmi|/km2|1}}.

The top five reported languages (people were allowed to report up to two languages, thus the figures will generally add to more than 100%) were English (99.1%), Spanish (0.7%), Indo-European (0.0%), Asian and Pacific Islander (0.2%), and Other (0.0%).

The median age in the city was 44.5 years.

{| class="wikitable"
|+<big>Thompson, North Dakota – racial and ethnic composition</big><br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small><ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Thompson city, North Dakota |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=p2&g=160XX00US3878660 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=December 10, 2025}}</ref>
! Race / ethnicity <small>(''NH = non-Hispanic'')</small>
! Number
! Percentage
|-
| [[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
| 1,004
| 91.19%
|-
| [[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
| 1
| 0.09%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
| 4
| 0.36%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
| 1
| 0.09%
|-
| [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] (NH)
| 1
| 0.09%
|-
| [[Some Other Race]] (NH)
| 4
| 0.36%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
| 48
| 4.36%
|-
| [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
| 38
| 3.45%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''1,101'''
|'''100.00%'''
|}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 1,101 people, 387 households, and 319 families residing in the city.<ref>{{Cite web|title=U.S. Census Bureau, Table P16: Household Type |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Thompson%20city,%20North%20Dakota%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=December 10, 2025 |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> The [[population density]] was {{convert|2352.56|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 396 housing units at an average density of {{convert|846.15|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.64% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.00% from some other races and 5.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 3.45% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web|title=How many people live in Thompson city, North Dakota |url=https://data.usatoday.com/census/total-population/total-population-change/thompson-city-north-dakota/160-3878660/ |publisher=[[USA Today]] |access-date=December 10, 2025}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 986 people, 356 households, and 293 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|2143.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 362 housing units at an average density of {{convert|787.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.01% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.10% from some other races and 0.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 0.91% of the population.

There were 356 households, of which 42.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 17.7% were non-families. 14.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 36.8 years. 28.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.2% were from 25 to 44; 30.5% were from 45 to 64; and 7.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 1,006 people, 329 households, and 273 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|2177.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 339 housing units at an average density of {{convert|733.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.70% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 0.80% of the population.

There were 329 households, out of which 53.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.0% were non-families. 15.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.06 and the average family size was 3.43.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 34.9% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 33.4% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 5.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.7 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 97.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $54,514, and the median income for a family was $57,250. Males had a median income of $35,682 versus $21,298 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,857. None of the families and 0.7% of the population were living below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 7.7% of those over 64.

