==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 50
|2000= 63
|2010= 69
|2020= 58
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
The median income for a household in the village was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $35,417 versus $30,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,981. There were no families and 16.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 21.4% of those over 64.<ref>[https://archive.today/20200212053211/http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=&geo_id=16000US2973240&_geoContext=01000US%7C04000US29%7C16000US2973240&_street=&_county=tightwad,+mo&_cityTown=tightwad,+mo&_state=&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&ActiveGeoDiv=&_useEV=&pctxt=fph&pgsl=160&_submenuId=factsheet_1&ds_name=null&_ci_nbr=null&qr_name=null&reg=null:null&_keyword=&_industry=&show_2003_tab=&redirect=Y Tightwad village, Missouri - Fact Sheet - American FactFinder<!-- Bot generated title -->]</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 69 people, 31 households, and 18 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|69.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|36.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.4% from two or more races, although it's unclear whether everyone was accounted for in this Census.

There were 31 households, of which 19.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.9% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the village was 53.5 years. 21.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.8% were from 25 to 44; 30.4% were from 45 to 64; and 29% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov" /> of 2020, there were 58 people, and 35 households, 13 of which were married couple households, 13 were cohabiting, 6 were male, no spouse/partner with 5 of those being 65 or older, 3 were female, no spouse/partner, of which 1 was over 65. 3 households had people 18 years, 22 had people 65 or older.  4 children enrolled in school, 3 in elementary schools, one in college or graduate school.

