==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 270
|1910= 314
|1920= 500
|1990= 207
|2000= 254
|2010= 270
|2020= 265
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archivedate=May 22, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 254 people, 109 households, and 80 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|50.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 193 housing units at an average density of {{convert|38.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.09% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.15% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]] and 2.76% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]].

There were 109 households, out of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.7% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 35.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,333, and the median income for a family was $42,344. Males had a median income of $26,750 versus $29,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,266. About 2.7% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 13.9% of those 65 or over.

