==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 189
|1910= 220
|1920= 204
|1930= 187
|1940= 165
|1950= 157
|1960= 144
|1970= 192
|1980= 207
|1990= 188
|2000= 177
|2010= 166
|2020= 153
|estyear=2021
|estimate=157
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 166 people, 75 households, and 49 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1037.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|525.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.8% of the population.

There were 75 households, of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.7% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the village was 46 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 25.2% were from 45 to 64; and 27.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 177 people, 81 households, and 48 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,050.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|534.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 81 households, out of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.7% were non-families. 40.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 19.8% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 27.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $23,333, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $22,386 versus $19,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,843. About 8.3% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 16.4% of those 65 or over.

