==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 290
|2010= 282
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Downieville had a population of 290. The population density was {{convert|91.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Downieville was 232 (80.0%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 5 (1.7%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 2 (0.7%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 7 (2.4%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 44 (15.2%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 30 persons (10.3%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Downieville CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0619794 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 19, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 137 households, out of which 29 (21.2%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 73 (53.3%) were married-couple households, 8 (5.8%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 36 (26.3%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 20 (14.6%) had a male householder with no partner present. 42 households (30.7%) were one person, and 29 (21.2%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.12.<ref name=DP1/> There were 89 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (65.0% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Downieville CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0619794 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 19, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 43 people (14.8%) under the age of 18, 12 people (4.1%) aged 18 to 24, 40 people (13.8%) aged 25 to 44, 73 people (25.2%) aged 45 to 64, and 122 people (42.1%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 59.2{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 101.4 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 225 housing units at an average density of {{convert|70.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 137 (60.9%) were occupied. Of these, 109 (79.6%) were owner-occupied, and 28 (20.4%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

