==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 318
|1920= 234
|1930= 151
|1940= 131
|1950= 120
|1960= 108
|1970= 48
|1980= 99
|1990= 37
|2000= 121
|2010= 106
|2020= 121
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 4, 2013}}</ref><br>2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=October 8, 2019}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 106 people, 44 households, and 28 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|258.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 44 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the town was 40.7 years. 27.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 37.7% were from 45 to 64; and 8.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 121 people, 46 households, and 31 families living in the town. The population density was 299.1 people per square mile (116.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 49 housing units at an average density of 121.1 per square mile (47.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 95.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.65% from two or more races.

There were 46 households, out of which 41.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were married couples living together, 2.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.29.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 30.6% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 32.2% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 9.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,125, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $31,042 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,072. There were 5.9% of families and 8.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 14.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

