==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 174
|1900= 296
|1910= 343
|1920= 398
|1930= 386
|1940= 415
|1950= 537
|1960= 457
|1970= 448
|1980= 476
|1990= 433
|2000= 497
|2010= 493
|2020= 498
|estyear=2021
|estimate=491
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 19, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 19, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 10, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 493 people, 211 households, and 140 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|560.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 250 housing units at an average density of {{convert|284.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 211 households, of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.6% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the city was 37.1 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.8% were from 25 to 44; 24% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 497 people, 201 households, and 125 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|123.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 231 housing units at an average density of {{convert|57.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.01% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.01% of the population.

There were 201 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 15.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,058, and the median income for a family was $34,479. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $19,286 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,854.  About 6.2% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.8% of those under age 18 and 9.7% of those age 65 or over.

