==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 165
|1930= 131
|1940= 138
|1950= 84
|1960= 54
|1970= 43
|1980= 76
|1990= 54
|2000= 67
|2010= 76
|2020= 58
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]] there were 76 people, 33 households, and 22 families in the village. The population density was {{convert|475.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|212.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 98.7% White and 1.3% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.6%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref>

Of the 33 households 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were married couples living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 24.2% of households were one person and 15.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age in the village was 40.5 years. 27.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 67 people, 24 households, and 18 families in the village. The population density was {{convert|438.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|202.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 100.00% White.<ref name="GR2" />
Of the 24 households 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.8% were married couples living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 25.0% of households were one person and 16.7% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.39.

The age distribution was 31.3% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 17.9% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% 65 or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.0 males.

The median household income was $40,000, and the median family income  was $53,750. Males had a median income of $72,917 versus $72,500 for females. The per capita income for the village was $24,906. There were 10.5% of families and 7.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 10.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

