==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 113
|1930= 124
|1940= 117
|1950= 111
|1960= 60
|1970= 42
|1980= 32
|1990= 22
|2000= 26
|2010= 27
|2020= 18
|estyear=2024
|estimate=15
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 18, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 27 people, 11 households, and 8 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|77.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 17 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 11 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 35.5 years. 29.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.9% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 26 people, 14 households, and 7 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|75.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 16 housing units at an average density of {{convert|46.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 14 households, out of which 7.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.86 and the average family size was 2.25.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 3.8% under the age of 18, 15.4% from 18 to 24, 19.2% from 25 to 44, 46.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,250, and the median income for a family was $32,000. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,539. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

