==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 275
|1920= 339
|1930= 205
|1940= 193
|1950= 169
|1960= 177
|1970= 123
|1980= 152
|1990= 143
|2000= 122
|2010= 100
|2020= 96
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 96 people, 54 households, and 33 families in Munden.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Munden%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 516.1 per square mile (199.3/km{{sup|2}}). There were 65 housing units at an average density of 349.5 per square mile (134.9/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Munden%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 100.0% (96) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (100.0% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.0% (0) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Munden%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 0.0% (0) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Munden%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 54 households, 29.6% had children under the age of 18; 38.9% were married couples living together; 14.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 35.2% of households consisted of individuals and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.0 and the average family size was 2.8.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Munden%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 25.0% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Munden%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

25.0% of the population was under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 10.4% from 25 to 44, 30.2% from 45 to 64, and 28.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 71.4 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 53.2 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $53,750 (with a margin of error of +/- $30,920) and the median family income was $66,750 (+/- $9,682).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Munden%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Females had a median income of $28,333 (+/- $15,120). The median income for those above 16 years old was $23,750 (+/- $16,649).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Munden%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 0.0% of families and 14.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.0% of those under the age of 18 and 28.0% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Munden%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Munden%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]], there were 100 people in 49 households, including 30 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|500.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|335.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial make-up]] of the city was 100.0% White.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=United States Census Bureau |accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref>
Of the 49 households, 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were married couples living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present and 38.8% were non-families. 34.7% of households were one person and 6.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.57.

The median age was 48.9 years. 20% of residents were under the age of 18, 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24, 15% were from 25 to 44, 48% were from 45 to 64 and 12% were 65 or older. The sex make-up of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

