==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 613
|1890= 705
|1900= 490
|1910= 419
|1920= 375
|1930= 314
|1940= 329
|1950= 317
|1960= 235
|1970= 235
|1980= 235
|1990= 185
|2000= 132
|2010= 166
|2020= 155
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 166 people, 65 households, and 41 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|346.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|226.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 58.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 40.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.76% of the population.

There were 65 households, out of which 10.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.9% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.51.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 12.1% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 34.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 63.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 61.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,917, and the median income for a family was $41,750. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,343. There were 11.8% of families and 19.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 43.5% of under eighteens and 17.0% of those over 64.

