==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 180
|1980= 138
|1990= 92
|2000= 86
|2010= 83
|2020= 70
|estyear=2024
|estimate=67
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=September 2, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 83 people, 33 households, and 21 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|276.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|146.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 36.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 51.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 12.0% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, of which 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 24.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 44.3 years. 18.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 33.7% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 86 people, 36 households, and 23 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|287.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|143.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 34.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 65.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.49% of the population.

There were 36 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.1% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 31.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,042, and the median income for a family was $21,250. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,649. There were 41.7% of families and 40.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 66.7% of under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

