==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,582 people, 640 households, and 474 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 62.2 people per square mile (24.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 706 housing units at an average density of 27.8/sq&nbsp;mi (10.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.38% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.13% of the population.

There were 640 households, out of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.8% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 32.9% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $16,625, and the median income for a family was $24,706. Males had a median income of $35,455 versus $12,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,689. About 32.7% of families and 36.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 46.1% of those under age 18 and 30.8% of those age 65 or over.

