==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = Sources:<ref name="GR2"/><ref name="Census 2010"/><ref name="2020 Census"/>
| 2000 = 3274
| 2010 = 3745
| 2020 = 3990
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 3,274 people, 1,018 households, and 899 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 305.6 people per square mile (118.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,054 housing units at an average density of 98.4/sq&nbsp;mi (38.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.43% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.86% of the population. 23.2% were of German, 10.8% American, 10.2% English, 9.4% Finnish, 7.7% Swedish and 5.9% Irish ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 1,018 households, out of which 43.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 81.1% were married couples living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.6% were non-families. 9.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.21 and the average family size was 3.41.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 32.7% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $65,912, and the median income for a family was $70,031. Males had a median income of $51,120 versus $30,806 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,610. None of the families and 0.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 5.0% of those over 64.

