==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 260
|1910= 259
|1920= 265
|1930= 243
|1940= 193
|1950= 199
|1960= 177
|1970= 150
|1980= 145
|1990= 144
|2000= 176
|2010= 159
|2020= 125
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 159 people, 67 households, and 42 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|636.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|340.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 67 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.3% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the village was 39.3 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.2% were from 25 to 44; 26.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 176 people, 73 households, and 48 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,154.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|563.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.70% of the population.

There were 73 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $22,292, and the median income for a family was $24,375. Males had a median income of $30,313 versus $17,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,344. About 31.1% of families and 30.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 45.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.2% of those 65 or over.

