==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 716
|1970= 1111
|1980= 1176
|1990= 1078
|2000= 1140
|2010= 1051
|2020= 1043
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,051 people, 458 households, and 282 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1910.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 502 housing units at an average density of {{convert|912.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 458 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.4% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 43.8 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.3% were from 25 to 44; 36.1% were from 45 to 64; and 12% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.2% male, 49.5% female, .2% non gender specific and .1% bi gender.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,140 people, 462 households, and 308 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,982.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 487 housing units at an average density of {{convert|846.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.88% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.84% of the population.

There were 462 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 35.4% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 8.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.0 males.

