==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 3303
| 2010 = 3291
| 2020 = 3499
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,303 people, 1,089 households, and 908 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|249.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 1,124 housing units at an average density of {{convert|84.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.82% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 5.81% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.93% of the population.

There were 1,089 households, out of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.7% were married couples living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.6% were non-families. 13.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.03 and the average family size was 3.29.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 31.1% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 8.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $50,522, and the median income for a family was $52,146. Males had a median income of $40,343 versus $28,580 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,105. About 3.4% of families and 6.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

