==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 681
|1890= 1353
|1900= 1726
|1910= 1773
|1920= 1788
|1930= 1571
|1940= 1525
|1950= 1706
|1960= 1802
|1970= 2072
|1980= 2171
|1990= 2203
|2000= 2236
|2010= 2093
|2020= 2177
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,093 people, 801 households, and 513 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|573.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 905 housing units at an average density of {{convert|247.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 77.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 18.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 31.3% of the population.

There were 801 households, of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.0% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.25.

The median age in the village was 37 years. 27.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 23.8% were from 45 to 64; and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,236 people, 819 households, and 559 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|693.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 878 housing units at an average density of {{convert|272.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 80.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 15.65% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 23.93% of the population.

There were 819 households, out of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 18.1% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 89.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $42,798. Males had a median income of $31,743 versus $20,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,029. About 5.6% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.0% of those under age 18 and 21.8% of those age 65 or over.

