==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
| 1910 = 763
| 1920 = 1088
| 1930 = 903
| 1940 = 1099
| 1950 = 1220
| 1960 = 1319
| 1970 = 1145
| 1980 = 1349
| 1990 = 1180
| 2000 = 1238
| 2010 = 1285
| 2020 = 1288
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 1330
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,285 people, 520 households, and 333 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|535.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 571 housing units at an average density of {{convert|237.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 5.4% of the population.

There were 520 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.0% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the town was 46.4 years. 20.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 24.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,238 people, 504 households, and 330 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 613.7 people per square mile (236.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 565 housing units at an average density of 280.1 per square mile (108.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.97% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.26% of the population.

There were 504 households, out of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.1% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 19.6% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 26.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,519, and the median income for a family was $42,768. Males had a median income of $33,942 versus $20,139 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,890. About 6.1% of families and 11.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.5% of those under age 18 and 12.7% of those age 65 or over.

