==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 447
|2010= 420
|2020= 426
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br />2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 447 people, 166 households, and 138 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|118.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 177 housing units at an average density of {{convert|46.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.04% [[Race (U.S. census)|White]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. census)|Black]] or [[Race (U.S. census)|African American]], 5.37% [[Race (U.S. census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[race (U.S. census)|other races]], and 5.59% from two or more races. 0.22% of the population were [[Race (U.S. census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (U.S. census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 166 households, out of which 42.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.3% were non-families. 15.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, 27.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,854, and the median income for a family was $38,056. Males had a median income of $31,705 versus $17,222 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,251. 6.4% of the population and 5.8% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 4.0% of those under the age of 18 and 17.9% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

