==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 255
| 1920 = 362
| 1930 = 286
| 1940 = 358
| 1950 = 403
| 1960 = 449
| 1970 = 603
| 1980 = 615
| 1990 = 620
| 2000 = 666
| 2010 = 709
| 2020 = 722
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 709 people, 274 households, and 206 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|875.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 291 housing units at an average density of {{convert|359.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.8% of the population.

There were 274 households, of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.8% were non-families. 20.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the village was 39.2 years. 24.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.5% were from 25 to 44; 30.8% were from 45 to 64; and 11.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 666 people, 255 households, and 190 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 895.8 people per square mile (347.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 269 housing units at an average density of 361.8 per square mile (140.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.90% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.65% of the population.

There were 255 households, out of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.1% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $47,232, and the median income for a family was $52,500. Males had a median income of $38,214 versus $25,139 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,617. About 4.3% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

