==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 200
| 1890 = 802
| 1900 = 1341
| 1910 = 1229
| 1920 = 1057
| 1930 = 1169
| 1940 = 1040
| 1950 = 873
| 1960 = 704
| 1970 = 733
| 1980 = 859
| 1990 = 912
| 2000 = 1001
| 2010 = 1012
| 2020 = 820
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 822
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Coal Hill racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0514500&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2022-01-01|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 737
| 89.88%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 2
| 0.24%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 8
| 0.98%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 7
| 0.85%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.12%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 43
| 5.24%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 22
| 2.68%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 820 people, 430 households, and 305 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,001 people, 411 households, and 274 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|370.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 474 housing units at an average density of {{convert|175.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.50% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.40% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.90% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.20% from two or more races.  2.70% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 411 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,490, and the median income for a family was $34,250. Males had a median income of $23,077 versus $16,544 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,540.  About 16.6% of families and 21.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.5% of those under age 18 and 22.9% of those age 65 or over.

