==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 5367
|1990= 5420
|2000= 4264
|2010= 4802
|2020= 485
|footnote=source:<ref name="Census 2010"/><ref>{{cite web
  |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html
  |title=CENSUS OF POPULATION AND HOUSING (1790-2000)
  |publisher=[[U.S. Census Bureau]]
  |access-date=2010-07-17}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 4,264 people, 249 households, and 225 families living in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|7,706.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 263 housing units at an average density of {{convert|475.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.95% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.83% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.94% of the population.

There were 249 households, out of which 65.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 87.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 9.6% were non-families. 7.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.37 and the average family size was 3.56.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 8.0% under the age of 18, 80.5% from 18 to 24, 8.8% from 25 to 44, 2.4% from 45 to 64, and 0.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 373.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 436.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $63,333, and the median income for a family was $63,750. Males had a median income of $6,536 versus $6,585 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,491. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

