==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 282
|1910= 539
|1920= 499
|1930= 508
|1940= 675
|1950= 616
|1960= 696
|1970= 862
|1980= 855
|1990= 752
|2000= 803
|2010= 871
|2020= 771
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Maben racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2842980&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 16, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|232
|30.09%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|496
|64.33%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.13%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|2
|0.26%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|20
|2.59%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|20
|2.59%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 771 people, 258 households, and 149 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 803 people, 306 households, and 211 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|412.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 328 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 41.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 57.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.25% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.25% of the population.

There were 306 households, out of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 35.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.6% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 70.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 63.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,632, and the median income for a family was $18,000. Males had a median income of $22,125 versus $16,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,823. About 40.3% of families and 42.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 54.9% of those under age 18 and 25.0% of those age 65 or over.

