==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 710
|1880= 1194
|1890= 1393
|1900= 1525
|1910= 1637
|1920= 2154
|1930= 1904
|1940= 2040
|1950= 2118
|1960= 2102
|1970= 2037
|1980= 1959
|1990= 1966
|2000= 1807
|2010= 1976
|2020= 1735
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1720
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,807 people, 758 households, and 475 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,580.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 824 housing units at an average density of {{convert|720.5|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.77% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.33% of the population.

There were 758 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.3% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $26,848, and the median income for a family was $37,645. Males had a median income of $29,071 versus $23,804 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $13,537. About 13.7% of families and 15.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.0% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.

