==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 208
|1930= 383
|1940= 321
|1950= 306
|1960= 250
|1970= 247

|1980= 228
|1990= 152
|2000= 184
|2010= 145
|2020= 159
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 184 people, 76 households and 50 families living in the town.  The population density was {{convert|67.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|31.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 80.98% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 19.02% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]].

There were 76 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were married couples living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and older, there were 95.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,917, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $26,625 while it was $16,071 for females. The per-capita income for the town was $18,406. About 3.7% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including none of those younger than 18 or 65 or older.

