==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 341
| 1910 = 439
| 1920 = 687
| 1930 = 1147
| 1940 = 961
| 1950 = 1300
| 1960 = 1268
| 1970 = 1272
| 1980 = 1191
| 1990 = 1021
| 2000 = 1125
| 2010 = 966
| 2020 = 776
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 738
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Bearden racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0504420&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 13, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|402
|51.8%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|290
|37.37%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.13%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|5
|0.64%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|1
|0.13%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|49
|6.31%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|28
|3.61%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 776 people, 392 households, and 248 families residing in the city.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 966 people living in the city. The racial makeup of the city was 58.7% White, 32.5% Black, 0.3% Native American, 0.2% Asian and 2.5% from two or more races. 5.8% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,125 people, 443 households, and 295 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|976.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 495 housing units at an average density of {{convert|429.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 65.07% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 32.44% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 1.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.16% from two or more races.  1.51% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 445 households, out of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.4% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,420, and the median income for a family was $30,573. Males had a median income of $28,611 versus $14,886 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,904.  About 18.3% of families and 21.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.7% of those under age 18 and 19.2% of those age 65 or over.

