==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 592
|1960= 664
|1970= 697
|1980= 654
|1990= 584
|2000= 549
|2010= 507
|2020= 515
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 507 people, 218 households, and 123 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|4225.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 240 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2000.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 6.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 218 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.6% were non-families. 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 40 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.2% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 12.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 549 people, 225 households, and 146 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|4,285.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 229 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,787.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 93.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.73% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.36% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.73% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.09% of the population.

There were 225 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 35.5% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.5 males.

The median income for a family was $50,313. Males had a median income of $40,625 versus $30,714 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,541.  About 1.3% of families and 3.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 11.9% of those age 65 or over.

