==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 423
|2000= 410
|2010= 355
|2020= 234
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Kenny Lake first appeared on the 1990 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 410 people, 143 households, and 96 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|2.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 190 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 82.68% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 10.24% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.49% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 2.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.90% from two or more races.  5.85% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

Of the 143 households, 40.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were married couples living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.2% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.87 and the average family size was 3.52.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 32.4% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 9.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.4 males. There are also large numbers of wild geese.

Males had a median income of $40,938 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,121.  About 22.7% of families and 25.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.6% of those under age 18 and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.

