==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1880= 518
|1890= 770
|1900= 842
|1910= 899
|1920= 1044
|1930= 963
|1940= 1078
|1950= 957
|1960= 971
|1970= 987
|1980= 954
|1990= 889
|2000= 966
|2010= 903
|2020= 851
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

Cottonwood Falls is part of the [[Emporia, Kansas|Emporia]] [[Emporia micropolitan area|Micropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 851 people, 318 households, and 179 families in Cottonwood Falls.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Cottonwood%20Falls%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 1,321.4 per square mile (510.2/km{{sup|2}}). There were 395 housing units at an average density of 613.4 per square mile (236.8/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Cottonwood%20Falls%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 77.32% (658) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (75.56% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 1.88% (16) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.24% (2) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.94% (8) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.24% (2) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 14.92% (127) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.47% (38) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Cottonwood%20Falls%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 17.74% (151) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Cottonwood%20Falls%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 318 households, 23.0% had children under the age of 18; 45.0% were married couples living together; 30.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 40.9% of households consisted of individuals and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.2 and the average family size was 2.7.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Cottonwood%20Falls%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 18.4% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Cottonwood%20Falls%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

16.5% of the population was under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 23.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41.9 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.0 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 78.2 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $40,739 (with a margin of error of +/- $6,271) and the median family income was $56,667 (+/- $13,166).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Cottonwood%20Falls%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $29,750 (+/- $5,519) versus $26,438 (+/- $4,200) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $28,000 (+/- $3,976).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Cottonwood%20Falls%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 4.7% of families and 6.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.3% of those under the age of 18 and 3.7% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Cottonwood%20Falls%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Cottonwood%20Falls%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 903 people, 342 households, and 205 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1530.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 414 housing units at an average density of {{convert|701.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.0% of the population.

There were 342 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.1% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 43.3 years. 20.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.9% were from 25 to 44; 23.1% were from 45 to 64; and 23.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

