==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 7487
|1920= 7776
|1930= 8503
|1940= 8275
|1950= 6655
|1960= 5626
|1970= 5264
|1980= 5415
|1990= 4869
|2000= 4634
|2010= 4917
|2020= 5036
|estyear=2021
|estimate=5041
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 4,634 people, 1,984 households, and 1,297 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|841.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,151 housing units at an average density of {{convert|390.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.30% of the population.

There were 1,984 households, of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.94.

Age distribution was 19.1% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 20.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 88.2 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 86.4 males.

The [[median household income]] was $32,207, and the median family income was $41,775. Males had a median income of $32,715 versus $25,786 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,598. About 6.3% of families and 8.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.6% of those under age 18 and 15.9% of those aged 65 or over.

