==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 68
|2000= 99
|2010= 94
|2020= 163
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref> 2020<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web|title=2020 Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US2920566|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 94 people, 33 households, and 24 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|180.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|69.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.13% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 4.26% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, of which 45.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.3% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.38.

The median age in the village was 27.5 years. 30.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 17% were from 45 to 64; and 16% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 99 people, 36 households, and 28 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|200.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|86.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.03% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.03% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.02% from two or more races.

There were 36 households, out of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.3% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $21,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,033. About 18.9% of families and 15.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 17.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

