==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 317
|1860= 328
|1870= 282
|1880= 307
|1890= 318
|1900= 278
|1910= 250
|1920= 243
|1930= 262
|1940= 277
|1950= 288
|1960= 288
|1970= 272
|1980= 269
|1990= 183
|2000= 220
|2010= 197
|2020= 194
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 197 people, 88 households, and 62 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1790.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 101 housing units at an average density of {{convert|918.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.5% from two or more races.

There were 88 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.5% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the village was 42.4 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.4% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 14.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 43.7% male and 56.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 220 people, 96 households, and 57 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,867.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 105 housing units at an average density of {{convert|891.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.45% from two or more races. There are no [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]]s or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]s of any race.

There were 96 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.6% were non-families. 35.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,667, and the median income for a family was $57,500. Males had a median income of $36,786 versus $23,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,869. None of the families and 0.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 4.3% of those over 64.

