==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 218
|1930= 176
|1940= 196
|1950= 134
|1960= 143
|1970= 49
|1980= 43
|1990= 20
|2000= 8
|2010= 12
|2020= 15
|estyear=2022
|estimate=15
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 22, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 22, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 12 people, 8 households, and 4 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|63.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 14 housing units at an average density of {{convert|73.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 8 households, of which 37.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.50 and the average family size was 2.00.

The median age in the city was 49.5 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 33.3% were from 25 to 44; 49.9% were from 45 to 64; and 8.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.3% male and 41.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 8 people, 5 households, and 1 family residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|43.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 13 housing units at an average density of {{convert|69.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 5 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, none were [[Marriage|married couples]]  living together, 20.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 80.0% were non-families. 80.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.60 and the average family size was 4.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 37.5% under the age of 18, 12.5% from 18 to 24, 12.5% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 60.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 150.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $13,750, and the median income for a family was $11,250. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,850. Below the [[poverty line]] were The family and 66.7% of the people were below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of those under 18 and none of those over 64.

