==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 9990
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Lugoff racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4543000&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-13|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|6,943
|69.5%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|2,050
|20.52%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|7
|0.07%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|89
|0.89%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|8
|0.08%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|454
|4.54%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|439
|4.39%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 9,990 people, 3,217 households, and 2,295 families residing in the CDP.

===2010 census===
As of the census of 2010, there were 7,434 people, 2,861 households, and 2,130 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|494.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,017 housing units, of which 156, or 5.2%, were vacant. The racial makeup of the CDP was 79.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]], 16.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.0% [[Race (United States Census)|some other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US4543000| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1), Lugoff CDP, South Carolina| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American FactFinder| accessdate=April 17, 2019| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213120624/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US4543000| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

Of the 2,861 households in the CDP, 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were headed by [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.6% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59, and the average family size was 3.03.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

In the CDP, 26.3% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.9% were from 18 to 24, 25.2% were from 25 to 44, 28.3% were from 45 to 64, and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.6 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

For the period 2013–17, the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $56,665, and the median income for a family was $64,148. Male full-time workers had a median income of $45,810 versus $36,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $24,386. About 10.5% of families and 15.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.5% of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those age 65 or over.<ref>{{cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/17_5YR/DP03/1600000US4543000| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03), Lugoff CDP, South Carolina| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American FactFinder| accessdate=April 17, 2019| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213093124/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/17_5YR/DP03/1600000US4543000| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

