==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 403
|2010= 733
|2020= 848
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="census">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|title=U.S. Census website|website=factfincer2.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008}}</ref> of 2000, there were 403 people, 61 households, and 60 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 214.9 people per square mile (82.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 73 housing units at an average density of 38.9 per square mile (15.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 99.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.24% of the population.

There were 61 households, out of which 85.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 49.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 1.6% were non-families. No households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 6.61 and the average family size was 6.53.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 59.6% under the age of 18, 16.4% from 18 to 24, 16.9% from 25 to 44, 6.0% from 45 to 64, and 1.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 14 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,944, and the median income for a family was $31,944. Males had a median income of $25,536 versus $25,179 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $6,180. About 25.0% of families and 18.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

