==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 644
|1920= 1011
|1930= 1192
|1940= 1602
|1950= 1675
|1960= 1826
|1970= 1695
|1980= 1561
|1990= 1410
|2000= 1321
|2010= 1097
|2020= 1071
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1052
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 20, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 20, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 21, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,097 people, 557 households, and 316 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1462.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 642 housing units at an average density of {{convert|856.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 557 households, of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.3% were non-families. 40.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.62.

The median age in the city was 54 years. 17.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.1% were from 25 to 44; 29.9% were from 45 to 64; and 32.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,321 people, 613 households, and 386 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,791.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 701 housing units at an average density of {{convert|950.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.68% of the population.

There were 613 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 20.1% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 31.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,750, and the median income for a family was $33,203. Males had a median income of $26,339 versus $14,355 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,661. About 10.8% of families and 16.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.1% of those under age 18 and 29.6% of those age 65 or over.

