==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 414
|1880= 470
|1890= 465
|1900= 655
|1910= 535
|1920= 371
|1930= 395
|1940= 394
|1950= 338
|1960= 311
|1970= 291
|1980= 280
|1990= 279
|2000= 287
|2010= 348
|2020= 290
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 348 people, 107 households, and 62 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|669.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|255.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 76.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 16.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 17.5% of the population.

There were 107 households, of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.1% were non-families. 38.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 37.7 years. 12.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 37% were from 25 to 44; 23.8% were from 45 to 64; and 13.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 63.5% male and 36.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 287 people, 123 households, and 76 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|493.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 137 housing units at an average density of {{convert|235.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.35% of the population.

There were 123 households, out of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,889, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,867. About 15.4% of families and 17.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.0% of those 65 or over.

