==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 1520
|1960= 1708
|1970= 1659
|1980= 1395
|1990= 930
|2000= 1295
|2010= 2015
|2020= 1240
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|publisher=[[US Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2/> 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2/>
}}

===Racial and ethnic composition===
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Morningside town, Maryland – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Morningside town, Maryland|url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US2453625&tid=DECENNIALSF12000.P004|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Morningside town, Maryland|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2453625&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Morningside town, Maryland|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2453625&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!% 2000
!% 2010
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|532
|350
|style='background: #ffffe6; |210
|41.08%
|17.37%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |16.94%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|652
|1,346
|style='background: #ffffe6; |602
|50.35%
|66.80%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |48.55%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|4
|6
|style='background: #ffffe6; |5
|0.31%
|0.30%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.40%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|27
|79
|style='background: #ffffe6; |13
|2.08%
|3.92%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1.05%
|-
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|2
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3
|0.00%
|0.10%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.24%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|0
|11
|style='background: #ffffe6; |6
|0.00%
|0.55%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.48%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|40
|47
|style='background: #ffffe6; |53
|3.09%
|2.33%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4.27%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|40
|174
|style='background: #ffffe6; |348
|3.09%
|8.64%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |28.06%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''1,295'''
|'''2,015'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''1,240 '''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

===2020 census===

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2013-01-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,015 people, 851 households, and 465 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3598.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 922 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1646.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 20.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 67.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 4.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.6% of the population.

There were 851 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.4% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the town was 34.6 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 36.8% were from 25 to 44; 24.6% were from 45 to 64; and 7.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,386 people, 459 households, and 335 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,251.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 494 housing units at an average density of {{convert|859.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 42.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 51.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.62% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.09% of the population.

There were 459 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 27.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $56,429, and the median income for a family was $61,364. Males had a median income of $38,958 versus $35,694 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $22,333. About 3.3% of families and 6.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.6% of those under age 18 and 2.7% of those age 65 or over.

