==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=center
|1880= 87
|1910= 516
|1920= 529
|1930= 524
|1940= 470
|1950= 505
|1960= 503
|1970= 513
|1980= 506
|1990= 452
|2000= 373
|2010= 417
|2020= 372
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 373 people, 156 households and 104 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|888.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|397.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.07% of the population.

There were 156 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.96.

26.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $36,625 and the median family income was $39,722. Males had a median income of $32,232 versus $25,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $14,201. About 12.7% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.9% of those under age 18 and 4.3% of those age 65 or over.

