==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 225
|1900= 432
|1910= 473
|1920= 471
|1930= 438
|1940= 445
|1950= 556
|1960= 489
|1970= 547
|1980= 589
|1990= 512
|2000= 592
|2010= 601
|2020= 647
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 601 people, 244 households, and 161 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|595.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 264 housing units at an average density of {{convert|261.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 244 households, of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.0% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 36.3 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.2% were from 25 to 44; 21.2% were from 45 to 64; and 15.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 592 people, 242 households, and 154 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 621.9 people per square mile (240.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 264 housing units at an average density of 277.3 per square mile (107.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.01% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.69% of the population.

There were 242 households, out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.0% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,583, and the median income for a family was $44,038. Males had a median income of $31,324 versus $21,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,919. About 2.6% of families and 2.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.3% of those under age 18 and 2.2% of those age 65 or over.

