==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=241
|2020=241
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Hyampom first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Hyampom had a population of 241. The population density was {{convert|11.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Hyampom was 200 (83.0%) [[White Americans|White]], 2 (0.8%) [[African Americans|African American]], 2 (0.8%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 9 (3.7%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 11 (4.6%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 17 (7.1%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 14 persons (5.8%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Hyampom CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0636098 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 22, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 114 households, out of which 28 (24.6%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 45 (39.5%) were married-couple households, 7 (6.1%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 15 (13.2%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 47 (41.2%) had a male householder with no partner present. 39 households (34.2%) were one person, and 11 (9.6%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.11.<ref name=DP1/> There were 61 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (53.5% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Hyampom CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0636098 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 22, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 25 people (10.4%) under the age of 18, 14 people (5.8%) aged 18 to 24, 85 people (35.3%) aged 25 to 44, 40 people (16.6%) aged 45 to 64, and 77 people (32.0%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 42.6{{nbsp}}years. There were 149 males and 92 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 148 housing units at an average density of {{convert|7.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 114 (77.0%) were occupied. Of these, 84 (73.7%) were owner-occupied, and 30 (26.3%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

