==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 297
|1930= 261
|1940= 203
|1950= 238
|1960= 218
|1970= 139
|1980= 137
|1990= 102
|2000= 80
|2010= 50
|2020= 44
|estyear=2022
|estimate=44
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 17, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 17, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 31, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 50 people, 33 households, and 11 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|227.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|236.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 8.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 33 households, of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 24.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 66.7% were non-families. 66.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.52 and the average family size was 2.45.

The median age in the city was 56.5 years. 16% of residents were under the age of 18; 2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 40% were from 45 to 64; and 22% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.0% male and 44.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 80 people, 37 households, and 24 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|368.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|257.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 37 households, out of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 22.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $65,357. Males had a median income of $32,917 versus $17,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,695. There were 4.2% of families and 11.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of under eighteens and 8.7% of those over 64.

