==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1890 = 411
| 1900 = 443
| 1910 = 448
| 1920 = 499
| 1930 = 343
| 1940 = 396
| 1950 = 437
| 1960 = 359
| 1970 = 324
| 1980 = 364
| 1990 = 444
| 2000 = 525
| 2010 = 572
| 2020 = 516
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 525 people, 165 households, and 134 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 595.5 people per square mile (230.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 203 housing units at an average density of 230.3 per square mile (89.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 99.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.38% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.71% of the population.

There were 165 households, out of which 46.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.2% were non-families. 16.4% of all households were made up of single individuals and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.14 and the average family size was 3.56.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 37.0% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 21.0% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $35,341. Males had a median income of $25,357 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,842. About 8.5% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.9% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.

