==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 444
|1890= 1743
|1900= 2621
|1910= 2491
|1920= 2391
|1930= 2052
|1940= 1880
|1950= 1631
|1960= 1453
|1970= 1097
|1980= 887
|1990= 605
|2000= 714
|2010= 675
|2020= 639
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 31, 2014}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 675 people, 304 households, and 175 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|302.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 344 housing units at an average density of {{convert|154.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.9% of the population.

There were 304 households, of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.4% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the town was 44.2 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.3% were from 25 to 44; 33.8% were from 45 to 64; and 15% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 714 people, 297 households, and 195 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|325.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 343 housing units at an average density of {{convert|156.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.70% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.22% of the population.

There were 297 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.3% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 97.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,009, and the median income for a family was $29,861. Males had a median income of $27,404 versus $19,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,156. About 9.9% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.8% of those under age 18 and 5.0% of those age 65 or over.

