==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = US Decennial Census<ref name="GR1">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/time-series/geo/gazetteer-files.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-04-23|date=2011-02-12|title=US Gazetteer files: 2010, 2000, and 1990}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Bay Center, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Bay%20Center%20CDP,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 12, 2024}}</ref>
| 2000 = 174
| 2010 = 276
| 2020 = 253
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 174 people, 70 households, and 42 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 443.7 people per square mile (172.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 92 housing units at an average density of 234.6/sq&nbsp;mi (91.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 68.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.57% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 9.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.34% of the population. 10.7% were of [[English people|English]], 9.2% [[Irish people|Irish]] and 6.9% [[United States|American]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 70 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 31.0% under the age of 18, 13.2% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,409, and the median income for a family was $42,656. Males had a median income of $33,125 versus $19,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,325. About 10.9% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.9% of those 65 or over.

