==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 167
|1920= 208
|1930= 178
|1940= 187
|1950= 233
|1960= 262
|1970= 278
|1980= 364
|1990= 361
|2000= 329
|2010= 502
|2020= 497
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|archivedate=April 26, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212234628/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|url-status=dead|archive-date=February 12, 2020|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 502 people, 198 households, and 137 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1115.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 215 housing units at an average density of {{convert|477.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 198 households, of which 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.8% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 32.3 years. 28.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32.4% were from 25 to 44; 20.6% were from 45 to 64; and 10.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 329 people, 140 households, and 89 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|702.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 153 housing units at an average density of {{convert|326.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.61% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 140 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 12.5% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,125, and the median income for a family was $44,250. Males had a median income of $22,283 versus $19,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,495.  None of the families and 4.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 5.3% of those over 64.

