==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 889
|1920= 1049
|1930= 1287
|1940= 1536
|1950= 1948
|1960= 3038
|1970= 2577
|1980= 2226
|1990= 2415
|2000= 2117
|2010= 2169
|2020= 2157
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=March 3, 2023}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,169 people, 994 households, and 549 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1232.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,099 housing units at an average density of {{convert|624.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 994 households, of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.8% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 39.1 years. 21.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.7% male and 48.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,117 people, 965 households, and 551 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,204.4|/sqmi|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=out}}. There were 1,022 housing units at an average density of {{convert|581.4|/sqmi|/km2|abbr=out}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.38% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.32% of the population.

There were 965 households, out of which 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.8% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,158, and the median income for a family was $50,850. Males had a median income of $32,765 versus $24,932 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,287. About 6.3% of families and 7.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.0% of those under age 18 and 16.2% of those age 65 or over.

