==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 133
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

Harding first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2020 U.S. census]].<ref>{{Cite web|title=2020 Geography Changes|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/acs/technical-documentation/table-and-geography-changes/2020/geography-changes.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=}}</ref>

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1732876 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 133 people, 36 households, and 36 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|782.35|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|352.94|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 6.77% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.76% of the population.

There were 36 households, out of which 44.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 83.33% were married couples living together, 16.67% had a female householder with no husband present, and none were non-families. No households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 4.08 and the average family size was 4.25.

The CDP's age distribution consisted of 30.7% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 20.2% from 25 to 44, 39.8% from 45 to 64, and 0.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 66.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 60.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $77,750. Males had a median income of $17,250 versus $21,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,533. About 47.2% of families and 51.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 78.7% of those under age 18.{{clear left}}

