==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 145
|1910= 149
|1920= 140
|1930= 135
|1940= 131
|1950= 172
|1960= 209
|1970= 252
|1980= 199
|1990= 194
|2000= 175
|2010= 179
|2020= 164
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 179 people, 68 households, and 48 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|175.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 71 housing units at an average density of {{convert|69.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 68 households, of which 39.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 14.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.4% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age in the village was 30.8 years. 30.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.9% were from 25 to 44; 19.6% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.6% male and 46.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 175 people, 60 households, and 46 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|171.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|61.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.57% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.71% of the population.

There were 60 households, out of which 48.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.3% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.39.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 37.1% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 14.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females there were 94.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $50,000, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $31,500 versus $30,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,167. None of the families and 1.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 8.7% of those over 64.

