==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 261
|1900= 210
|1910= 290
|1920= 305
|1930= 318
|1940= 245
|1950= 218
|1960= 210
|1970= 239
|1980= 303
|1990= 211
|2000= 282
|2010= 229
|2020= 236
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 229 people, 89 households, and 68 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1090.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|495.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 89 households, of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.6% were non-families. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the village was 41.3 years. 28.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.1% were from 25 to 44; 32.3% were from 45 to 64; and 13.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 282 people, 106 households, and 83 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,368.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|558.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.71% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.42% of the population.

There were 106 households, out of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.8% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 7.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $34,375, and the median income for a family was $36,786. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $14,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,272. None of the families and 3.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of 18 and 16.7% of those 65 and older.

