==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 451
|1910= 385
|1920= 456
|1930= 339
|1940= 348
|1950= 400
|1960= 626
|1970= 497
|1980= 591
|1990= 610
|2000= 591
|2010= 578
|2020= 518
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 578 people, 215 households, and 148 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|722.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 241 housing units at an average density of {{convert|301.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 215 households, of which 43.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.2% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.14.

The median age in the village was 32.4 years. 31.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.1% were from 25 to 44; 22.1% were from 45 to 64; and 10.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 43.9% male and 56.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 591 people, 222 households, and 156 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|919.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 235 housing units at an average density of {{convert|365.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 96.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.51% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.86% of the population.

There were 222 households, out of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.3% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,607, and the median income for a family was $50,729. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $23,889 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,779.  About 1.9% of families and 4.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.8% of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over.

