==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 2001
|2000= 2016
|2010= 1742
|2020= 1726
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web| url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1990/cp-1/cp-1-37.pdf| title=1990 Census of Population, General Population Characteristics: Ohio| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| access-date=May 2, 2025}}</ref><ref name="GR2"/><ref>{{Cite web| url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2010.P1?q=&g=160XX00US3963478| title=P1. Race – Pleasant Grove CDP, Ohio: 2010 DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171)| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| access-date=May 2, 2025}}</ref><ref name="Census 2020"/>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,016 people, 728 households, and 516 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|631.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 765 housing units at an average density of {{convert|239.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.35% of the population.

There were 728 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.0% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $34,728, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $32,379 versus $19,034 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,761. About 12.6% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.2% of those under age 18 and 6.5% of those age 65 or over.

