==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 507
|1910= 480
|1920= 659
|1930= 544
|1940= 517
|1950= 483
|1960= 402
|1970= 356
|1980= 359
|1990= 347
|2000= 310
|2010= 227
|2020= 214
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> there were 227 people, 108 households and 63 families in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|354.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 140 housing units at an average density of {{convert|218.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.8% from two or more races.

There were 108 households, of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.7% were non-families. 38.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age was 43.5 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.1% were from 25 to 44; 30.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The population was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 310 people, 138 households and 84 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|479.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 171 housing units at an average density of {{convert|264.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The population was 99.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.32% from two or more races.

There were 138 households, of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.87.

22.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males.

The [[median household income]] was $20,893 and the median family income was $25,000. Males had a median income of $24,107 compared with $15,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $12,913. About 22.5% of families and 24.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 43.1% of those under age 18 and 19.2% of those age 65 or over.

