==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 291
|1930= 232
|1940= 203
|1950= 219
|1960= 329
|1970= 233
|1980= 212
|1990= 198
|2000= 228
|2010= 214
|2020= 187
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 214 people, 96 households, and 56 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1126.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|610.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.3% of the population.

There were 96 households, of which 21.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.7% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the village was 45.2 years. 19.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 34.1% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.3% male and 46.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 228 people, 97 households, and 61 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,219.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|577.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.26% of the population.

There were 97 households, out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $30,250, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $31,563 versus $17,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,032. About 9.1% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 16.7% of those 65 or over.

