==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 214
|1930= 153
|1940= 134
|1950= 106
|1960= 81
|1970= 76
|1980= 82
|1990= 60
|2000= 66
|2010= 46
|2020= 29
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 13, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|accessdate=November 13, 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130602094321/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=June 2, 2013|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 46 people, 19 households, and 11 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|88.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|53.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.3% from two or more races.

There were 19 households, of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.1% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.18.

The median age in the village was 46.5 years. 23.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 13% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 6.6% were from 25 to 44; 36.9% were from 45 to 64; and 19.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 56.5% male and 43.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 66 people, 26 households, and 19 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|124.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|56.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.52% from two or more races.

There were 26 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.1% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $14,583, and the median income for a family was $19,375. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $26,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,727. There were 30.4% of families and 34.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under eighteens and 27.3% of those over 64.

