==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 902
| 1920 = 920
| 1930 = 826
| 1940 = 872
| 1950 = 954
| 1960 = 1016
| 1970 = 928
| 1980 = 1135
| 1990 = 1161
| 2000 = 1309
| 2010 = 1347
| 2020 = 1371
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,347 people, 594 households, and 357 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|231.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 988 housing units at an average density of {{convert|170.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 594 households, of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.9% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the city was 46.1 years. 22% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.1% were from 25 to 44; 24% were from 45 to 64; and 26.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.8% male and 55.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,309 people, 559 households, and 353 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 211.3 people per square mile (81.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 890 housing units at an average density of 143.7 per square mile (55.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.99% of the population.

There were 559 households, out of which 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 20.2% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 29.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,073, and the median income for a family was $42,917. Males had a median income of $35,313 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,675. About 4.4% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.9% of those under age 18 and 13.1% of those age 65 or over.

