==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-05-14|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
| 2000 = 207
| 2010 = 198
| 2020 = 103
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 207 people, 73 households, and 48 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,149.1 inhabitants per square mile (444.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 98 housing units at an average density of 544.0 per square mile (210.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 3.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.48% of the population.

There were 73 households, out of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.41.

In the town the population was spread out, with 35.7% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 15.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $15,714, and the median income for a family was $15,469. Males had a median income of $20,417 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $6,036, which is the lowest in the state. About 52.7% of families and 64.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 83.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 30.8% of those 65 or over.

