==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 5
|1900= 171
|1910= 1045
|1920= 1177
|1930= 1586
|1940= 1644
|1950= 1645
|1960= 1586
|1970= 1286
|1980= 1352
|1990= 1148
|2000= 1204
|2010= 1054
|2020= 998
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,054 people, 467 households, and 247 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|432.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 658 housing units at an average density of {{convert|269.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 467 households, of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.1% were non-families. 40.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the town was 47.4 years. 18.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 21.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.6% male and 54.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,204 people, 552 households, and 290 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 539.8 inhabitants per square mile (208.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 653 housing units at an average density of 292.8 per square mile (113.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.17% of the population.

There were 552 households, out of which 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.3% were non-families. 42.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.6% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 25.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.6 males.{{citation needed|date=January 2021}}

The median income for a household in the town was $21,293, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $26,500 versus $16,477 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,957. About 17.5% of families and 24.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.0% of those under age 18 and 16.2% of those age 65 or over.{{citation needed|date=January 2021}}

