==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 1080
|1950= 1721
|1960= 3302
|1970= 4684
|1980= 5049
|1990= 5319
|2000= 5436
|2010= 5388
|2020= 5343
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|title=Number of Inhabitants: Pennsylvania|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/17216604v1p40ch02.pdf|work=18th Census of the United States|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013|url-status=live|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131208223555/http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/17216604v1p40ch02.pdf|archive-date=December 8, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Pennsylvania: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-40.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013|url-status=live|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131208223555/http://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-40.pdf|archive-date=December 8, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=2021-07-09|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 5,436 people, 1,875 households, and 1,599 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|693.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 1,942 housing units at an average density of {{convert|247.9|/mi2|/km2}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 93.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.02% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.13% from other races, and 0.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.68% of the population.

There were 1,875 households, out of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 79.9% were married couples living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.7% were non-families. 13.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.89 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 30.1% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 18.1% from 25 to 44, 33.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.

As of 2015, the median income for a household in the borough was $154,722, and the median income for a family was $169,596. About 3.3% of families and 4.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].

===Religion===
Four churches are located within the borough: Faith [[United Methodist Church|Methodist]] Church, Christ Church Fox Chapel, Fox Chapel [[Presbyterianism|Presbyterian]] Church, and Good Shepherd [[Lutheranism|Lutheran]] Church.

In 1953 a group of families living in the Fox Chapel area began to worship together at Shady Side Academy; the congregation became Fox Chapel Presbyterian Church, located at the intersection of Fox Chapel Road and Field Club Road. The Rev. Bickford Lang served as the first pastor. The congregation was officially organized in October 1953 with 339 charter members. The chapel was erected in December 1953, and worship services began to be held on the site of the present church. The church facility has grown to include a Christian Education building, atrium, fellowship hall and a Georgian sanctuary. The Fox Chapel Presbyterian Church has been led by five senior pastors since its founding.<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.foxchapelpresby.com|title=Fox Chapel Presbyterian Church|website=foxchapelpresby.com|access-date=April 25, 2018|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20080307123140/http://www.foxchapelpresby.com/|archive-date=March 7, 2008}}</ref>

Chabad Fox Chapel - The Jewish Center, opened in 2002 and serves the entire Fox Chapel Area with a Jewish community center, Jewish day camp, Hebrew school and full adult education program with no membership fees.<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.chabadfoxchapel.com/templates/articlecco.html?AID=113696|title=Our Synogogue|website=www.chabadfoxchapel.com|access-date=April 25, 2018|archive-date=March 20, 2022|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220320201800/http://www.chabadfoxchapel.com/templates/articlecco.html?AID=113696|url-status=live}}</ref>

Adat Shalom, located on Guys Run Road in Indiana Township, serves approximately 240 Jewish families from the Fox Chapel area.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Adat Shalom |url=http://www.goadatshalom.org/ |url-status=deviated |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20030611020046/http://www.goadatshalom.org/ |archive-date=2003-06-11 |access-date=2024-09-23 |website=Goadat Shalom}}</ref>

