==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 272
|1940= 429
|1950= 495
|1960= 502
|1970= 412
|1980= 446
|1990= 434
|2000= 392
|2010= 346
|2020= 286
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 346 people, 149 households, and 92 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|617.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 169 housing units at an average density of {{convert|301.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.16% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.58% of the population.

There were 149 households, of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.3% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 41.7 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 392 people, 165 households, and 115 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|821.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 177 housing units at an average density of {{convert|370.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.26% from two or more races.

There were 165 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 90.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,827, and the median income for a family was $32,857. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $22,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,777. About 13.2% of families and 14.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.7% of those under age 18 and 18.9% of those age 65 or over.

