==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 227
|1910= 249
|1920= 243
|1930= 180
|1940= 187
|1950= 154
|1960= 163
|1970= 212
|1980= 254
|1990= 247
|2000= 242
|2010= 235
|2020= 263
|estyear=2021
|estimate=259
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 235 people, 91 households, and 68 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|870.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|363.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 91 households, of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.3% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the village was 36.8 years. 28.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 28.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 242 people, 102 households, and 69 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|957.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|419.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.72% of the population.

There were 102 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $35,714, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $30,962 versus $19,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,626. About 3.9% of families and 4.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.7% of those 65 or over.

