==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 61
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 70 people, 39 households, and 20 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|108.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|82.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 39 households, out of which 12.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.2% were non-families. 46.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.79 and the average family size was 2.33.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 11.4% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 35.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 125.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $26,786, and the median income for a family was $33,036. Males had a median income of $23,036 versus $11,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,733. There were no families and 15.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

The population was 66 at the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]].<ref name="Census 2010">{{cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/G001/1600000US3060475| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212191724/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/G001/1600000US3060475| url-status=dead| archive-date=February 12, 2020| title=Geographic Identifiers: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (G001): Radersburg CDP, Montana| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| accessdate=June 26, 2013}}</ref>

