==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 374
|1930= 403
|1940= 406
|1950= 495
|1960= 416
|1970= 366
|1980= 505
|1990= 393
|2000= 382
|2010= 377
|2020= 299
|estyear=2019
|estimate=394
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 377 people, 138 households, and 104 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|580.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 163 housing units at an average density of {{convert|250.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 138 households, of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.6% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the city was 36.9 years. 30.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 23.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 382 people, 144 households, and 103 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|580.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 172 housing units at an average density of {{convert|261.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.52% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.79% of the population.

There were 144 households, out of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.4% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,458, and the median income for a family was $43,125. Males had a median income of $46,250 versus $20,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,549. About 9.7% of families and 15.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.3% of those under age 18 and 21.5% of those age 65 or over.

