==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 193
|1890= 370
|1900= 391
|1910= 435
|1920= 632
|1930= 689
|1940= 666
|1950= 675
|1960= 800
|1970= 883
|1980= 922
|1990= 935
|2000= 889
|2010= 837
|2020= 753
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 837 people, 319 households, and 221 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|624.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 364 housing units at an average density of {{convert|271.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 319 households, of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.7% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the city was 35.2 years. 30.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.4% were from 45 to 64; and 9.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 889 people, 340 households, and 246 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|649.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 372 housing units at an average density of {{convert|271.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.69% of the population.

There were 340 households, out of which 39.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.4% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the town the population was spread out, with 29.8% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 32.3% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 96.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $44,205. Males had a median income of $32,250 versus $21,198 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,215. About 10.6% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.0% of those under age 18 and 6.7% of those age 65 or over.

