==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 258
|1960= 623
|1970= 627
|1980= 646
|1990= 471
|2000= 469
|2010= 478
|2020= 450
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 478 people, 193 households, and 125 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1405.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 218 housing units at an average density of {{convert|641.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 193 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.2% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the town was 35.4 years. 26.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 10% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 10.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 469 people, 199 households, and 141 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,597.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 221 housing units at an average density of {{convert|752.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.43% of the population.

There were 199 households, out of which 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,028, and the median income for a family was $33,036. Males had a median income of $27,292 versus $17,857 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,829. About 12.6% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.3% of those under age 18 and 11.0% of those age 65 or over.

