==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 174
|1960= 226
|1970= 207
|1980= 257
|1990= 252
|2000= 219
|2010= 189
|2020= 159
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> there were 189 people, 81 households and 46 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|429.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|240.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 81 households, of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.2% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age was 37.8 years. 21.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 15.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 219 people, 81 households and 55 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,041.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|494.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 96.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.91% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] and 2.28% from two or more races.

There were 81 households, of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.9% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.13.

28.8% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 17.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $22,750 and the median family income was $26,389. Males had a median income of $18,125 and females $14,063. The [[per capita income]] was $9,723. About 13.5% of families and 22.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.0% of those 65 or over.

