==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 285
|1930= 263
|1940= 251
|1950= 258
|1960= 215
|1970= 162
|1980= 239
|1990= 163
|2000= 150
|2010= 148
|2020= 230
|estyear=2022
|estimate=222
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 28, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 28, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 13, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 148 people, 75 households and 44 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|296.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 96 housing units at an average density of {{convert|192.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 75 households, of which 18.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.3% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.61.

The median age in the city was 50.2 years. 17.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.4% were from 25 to 44; 29.7% were from 45 to 64; and 26.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 150 people, 65 households, and 44 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|301.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|166.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 65 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.3% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31, and the average family size was 2.86.

22.0% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 19.3% from 25 to 44, 29.3% from 45 to 64, and 22.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $28,958, and the median family income was $30,750. Males had a median income of $17,500 compared with $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,846. There were no families and 9.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteen and none of those over 64.

