==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 284
|1890= 424
|1900= 612
|1910= 850
|1920= 854
|1930= 875
|1940= 764
|1950= 819
|1960= 857
|1970= 978
|1980= 1038
|1990= 1098
|2000= 1182
|2010= 1223
|2020= 915
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Brooksville Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2808980&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 8, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|186
|20.33%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|692
|75.63%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.11%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|10
|1.09%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|12
|1.31%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|14
|1.53%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 915 people, 448 households, and 303 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
At the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,182 people, 439 households, and 305 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,189.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 480 housing units at an average density of {{convert|482.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 19.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 79.61% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.10% of the population.

There were 439 households, out of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 33.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.7% under the age of 18, 11.5% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 16.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $16,146, and the median income for a family was $20,804. Males had a median income of $26,513 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,001. About 38.0% of families and 44.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 57.9% of those under age 18 and 25.2% of those age 65 or over.

In 2010, Brooksville had the [[List of the poorest places in the United States|24th-lowest median household income]] of all places in the United States with a population over 1,000.<ref>{{cite web|title=US Census|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_12_5YR_DP03&prodType=table|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212210359/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_12_5YR_DP03&prodType=table|url-status=dead|archive-date=February 12, 2020|access-date=January 18, 2014}}</ref>

