==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 218
|1920= 232
|1930= 361
|1940= 420
|1950= 452
|1960= 460
|1970= 460
|1980= 438
|1990= 463
|2000= 476
|2010= 384
|2020= 414
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 384 people, 183 households, and 96 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|387.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 226 housing units at an average density of {{convert|228.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 183 households, of which 21.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.5% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the city was 47 years. 19% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 33.1% were from 45 to 64; and 19% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.3% male and 54.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 476 people, 197 households, and 127 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|483.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 225 housing units at an average density of {{convert|228.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.42% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.84% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.26% of the population.

There were 197 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $26,375. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $17,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,175.  About 21.1% of families and 24.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.7% of those under age 18 and 13.3% of those age 65 or over.

