==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|217
|1910|253
|1920|440
|1930|416
|1940|452
|1950|425
|1960|382
|1970|397
|1980|420
|1990|383
|2000|404
|2010|367
|2020|334
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 334 people, 149 households, and 83 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 615.6 inhabitants per square mile (237.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 180 housing units at an average density of 331.7 per square mile (128.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 94.0% [[White Americans|White]], 0.9% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.3% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from other races and 4.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.1% of the population.

Of the 149 households, 21.5% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% were cohabitating couples, 20.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 25.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 44.3% of all households were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 43.0 years. 21.3% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 27.2% were from 25 and 44; 27.2% were from 45 and 64; and 20.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.9% male and 46.1% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 367 people, 164 households, and 106 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|667.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 178 housing units at an average density of {{convert|323.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 164 households, of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.4% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the city was 39.4 years. 21.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.6% were from 25 to 44; 28.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.9% male and 47.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 404 people, 171 households, and 108 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|740.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 186 housing units at an average density of {{convert|340.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.50% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.25% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.25% of the population.

There were 171 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.8% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,583, and the median income for a family was $39,250. Males had a median income of $25,592 versus $19,306 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,283. About 8.8% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.5% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

