==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2020= 391
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
|2010=432}}
|2020= 391
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1742002 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 391 people, 191 households, and 147 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{Convert|994.91|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 163 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|414.76|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 91.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.51% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.51% of the population.

There were 191 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.54% were married couples living together, 20.42% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.04% were non-families. 23.04% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.04% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.30.

The CDP's age distribution consisted of 25.1% under the age of 18, none from 18 to 24, 18.9% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 35.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 58.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $60,221, and the median income for a family was $62,279. Males had a median income of $70,268 versus $21,094 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $28,541. None of the population was below the [[poverty line]].

