==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 693
|1960= 752
|1970= 638
|1980= 650
|1990= 660
|2000= 659
|2010= 708
|2020= 759
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 708 people, 305 households, and 204 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2.8<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://tetoncomt.org/|title=Teton County Montana|date=December 18, 2015|website=tetoncomt.org}}</ref>|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 339 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1093.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 305 households, of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.1% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the town was 42.1 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 21.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 659 people, 285 households, and 184 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,170.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 311 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,024.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.91% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.91% of the population.

There were 285 households, out of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 95.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,018, and the median income for a family was $34,896. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,255. About 7.7% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.0% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

