==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 230
| 1920 = 230
| 1930 = 276
| 1940 = 276
| 1950 = 284
| 1960 = 387
| 1970 = 410
| 1980 = 409
| 1990 = 440
| 2000 = 442
| 2010 = 458
| 2020 = 480
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 458 people, 199 households, and 126 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|551.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 210 housing units at an average density of {{convert|253.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 199 households, of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.7% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the village was 41.1 years. 22.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 16.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 442 people, 188 households, and 121 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 491.7 people per square mile (189.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 199 housing units at an average density of 221.4 per square mile (85.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.45% of the population.

There were 188 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.6% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.9% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 38&nbsp;years. For every 100 females, there were 111.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $34,531, and the median income for a family was $40,278. Males had a median income of $32,143 versus $21,838 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,815. About 2.2% of families and 4.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.7% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

