==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1840= 252
|1850= 444
|1860= 365
|1870= 377
|1880= 152
|1890= 322
|1900= 291
|1910= 346
|1920= 231
|1930= 217
|1940= 206
|1950= 192
|1960= 166
|1970= 110
|1980= 125
|1990= 79
|2000= 81
|2010= 83
|2020= 67
|estyear=2023
|estimate=69
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2000 census===
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name=GR2/> there were 81 people, 26 households, and 21 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|190.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|82.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 26 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.4% were non-families. 7.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.12 and the average family size was 3.41.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 21.0% from 25 to 44, 30.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 102.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,250, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $13,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,561. Additionally, 8.3% of families, or 9.1% of the population, lived below the [[poverty line]], including nobody under eighteen and 16.7% of those over 64.

===2010 census===
As of the 2010 [[census]],.<ref name=GR2/> There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|125.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]]s or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]s of any race made up 1.2% of the population.

There were 32 households, of which 25.0% contained children under the age of 18. In total, 56.3% of the households were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.1% were non-families. Out of all households, 21.9% were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the village was 43.3 years. 20.5% of residents were under the age of 18, 14.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24, 16.8% were from 25 to 44, 31.3% were from 45 to 64, and 16.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 56.6% male and 43.4% female.

