==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 157
|1890= 361
|1900= 407
|1910= 384
|1920= 446
|1930= 675
|1940= 801
|1950= 1257
|1960= 1274
|1970= 1385
|1980= 1495
|1990= 1128
|2000= 1105
|2010= 1413
|2020= 1443
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1423
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,413 people, 635 households, and 374 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1962.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 693 housing units at an average density of {{convert|962.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 635 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.1% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the town was 38.8 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.6% were from 45 to 64; and 17.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.7% male and 54.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,105 people, 486 households, and 322 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,698.1 inhabitants per square mile (656.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 561 housing units at an average density of 862.1 per square mile (333.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.45% of the population.

There were 486 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 87.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,242, and the median income for a family was $24,750. Males had a median income of $27,292 versus $23,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,626. About 25.3% of families and 30.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.6% of those under age 18 and 20.6% of those age 65 or over.

