==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1890 = 238
| 1900 = 169
| 1910 = 186
| 1920 = 150
| 1930 = 132
| 1940 = 120
| 1950 = 126
| 1960 = 124
| 1970 = 94
| 1980 = 87
| 1990 = 81
| 2000 = 77
| 2010 = 90
| 2020 = 87
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Round Top, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Round%20Top%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 27, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 90 people, 43 households, and 22 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|80.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|60.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.19% of the population.

There were 43 households, out of which 9.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.8% were non-families. 44.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 37.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.79 and the average family size was 2.41.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 10.4% under the age of 18, 11.7% from 25 to 44, 37.7% from 45 to 64, and 40.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 57.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 68.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $43,125, and the median income for a family was $50,625. Males had a median income of $42,500 versus $41,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $25,488. There were no families and 4.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 6.1% of those over 64.

