==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = center
| 1980 = 192
| 1990 = 388
| 2000 = 401
| 2010 = 368
| 2020 = 406
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Oak Valley, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Oak%20Valley%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 23, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 401 people, 143 households, and 112 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|203.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 153 housing units at an average density of {{convert|77.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.49% of the population.

There were 143 households, out of which 39.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.0% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.9% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $30,729 versus $21,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,639. About 3.7% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.3% of those under age 18 and 14.9% of those age 65 or over.

