==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 71
|1900= 334
|1910= 122
|1920= 168
|1930= 340
|1940= 390
|1950= 486
|1960= 725
|1970= 731
|1980= 727
|1990= 812
|2000= 992
|2010= 999
|2020= 1060
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Columbus racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3713980&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 19, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 842
| 79.43%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 20
| 1.89%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 4
| 0.38%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 3
| 0.28%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.09%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 59
| 5.57%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 131
| 12.36%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,060 people, 491 households, and 292 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 992 people, 414 households, and 238 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|559.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 442 housing units at an average density of {{convert|249.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.95% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.56% of the population.

There were 414 households, out of which 19.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.5% were non-families. 38.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.75.

The population was spread out, with 17.5% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 38.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.4 males.

The median income for a household was $25,469, and the median income for a family was $38,542. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $19,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,587. About 9.3% of families and 15.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.7% of those under age 18 and 13.8% of those age 65 or over.

