==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 733
|1870= 730
|1880= 1025
|1890= 1200
|1900= 1291
|1910= 1228
|1920= 1143
|1930= 1086
|1940= 1168
|1950= 1165
|1960= 1468
|1970= 1539
|1980= 1556
|1990= 1588
|2000= 1690
|2010= 1725
|2020= 1690
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,690 people, 661 households, and 403 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,506.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 728 housing units at an average density of {{convert|648.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.01% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race 0.65%, 0.47% from two or more races, 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 661 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.6% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,034, and the median income for a family was $32,446. Males had a median income of $28,875 versus $20,885 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,858. About 15.8% of families and 17.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.2% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.

