==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 312
| 1920 = 388
| 1930 = 355
| 1940 = 692
| 1950 = 748
| 1960 = 827
| 1970 = 899
| 1980 = 917
| 1990 = 831
| 2000 = 816
| 2010 = 839
| 2020 = 867
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 839 people, 360 households, and 224 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|839.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 476 housing units at an average density of {{convert|476.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 360 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.8% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 44.4 years. 21.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 20.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 816 people, 339 households, and 223 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,121.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 425 housing units at an average density of {{convert|584.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.59% of the population.

There were 339 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $11,691 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,170.  About 11.7% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.1% of those under age 18 and 19.0% of those age 65 or over.

