==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1990= 39
|2000= 53
|2010= 51
|2020= 47
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 47 people, 20 households, and 15 families in Harris.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Harris%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 132.8 per square mile (51.3/km{{sup|2}}). There were 20 housing units at an average density of 56.5 per square mile (21.8/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Harris%20CDP,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 95.74% (45) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (95.74% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 2.13% (1) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.13% (1) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Harris%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 0.0% (0) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Harris%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 20 households, 20.0% had children under the age of 18; 70.0% were married couples living together; 20.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 25.0% of households consisted of individuals and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.0 and the average family size was 2.0.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Harris%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 0.0% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Harris%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

21.3% of the population was under the age of 18, 17.0% from 18 to 24, 8.5% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 29.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.3 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 146.7 males.<ref name=:0 />

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 51 people, 21 households, and 13 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|145.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|74.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.9% of the population.

There were 21 households, of which 38.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the CDP was 38.8 years. 29.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the CDP was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 53 people, 21 households, and 14 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|439.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|215.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 21 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the city the population was spread out with 28.3% under the age of 18, 1.9% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,375, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $17,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,259. There were 23.1% of families and 15.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.5% of those over 64.

