==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 360
|1930= 258
|1940= 392
|1950= 410
|1960= 494
|1970= 373
|1980= 449
|1990= 361
|2000= 330
|2010= 312
|2020= 276
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 312 people, 145 households, and 94 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1485.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 175 housing units at an average density of {{convert|833.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 145 households, of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.2% were non-families. 33.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the town was 52.8 years. 18.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.4% were from 25 to 44; 34% were from 45 to 64; and 28.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 330 people, 150 households, and 91 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,574.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 172 housing units at an average density of {{convert|820.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.94% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.91% of the population.

There were 150 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 37.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 18.2% from 25 to 44, 31.2% from 45 to 64, and 20.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,179, and the median income for a family was $39,063. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,743. About 5.8% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.2% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.

