==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 297
|1960= 284
|1970= 305
|1980= 343
|1990= 341
|2000= 542
|2010= 625
|2020= 585
|estyear=2021
|estimate=580
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=September 13, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 13, 2022}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=August 31, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 625 people, 177 households, and 142 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2840.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 183 housing units at an average density of {{convert|831.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 24.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 21.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 48.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 55.4% of the population.

There were 177 households, of which 49.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 19.8% were non-families. 16.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.53 and the average family size was 3.89.

The median age in the town was 29.2 years. 32.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.1% were from 25 to 44; 19.8% were from 45 to 64; and 8.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 542 people, 167 households, and 131 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,887.0|/sqmi|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=out}}. There were 179 housing units at an average density of {{convert|623.2|/sqmi|/km2|abbr=out}}. The racial makeup of the town was 40.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 19.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.37% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 33.03% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 44.10% of the population.

There were 167 households, out of which 48.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.7% were married couples living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.0% were non-families. 18.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.25 and the average family size was 3.72.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 38.0% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 8.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,721. About 14.5% of families and 19.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.0% of those under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over.

