==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 1349
|1960= 1241
|1970= 1175
|1980= 1164
|1990= 1110
|2000= 1211
|2010= 1256
|2020= 1020
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1001
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,256 people, 604 households, and 338 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1932.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 667 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1026.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 604 households, of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.0% were non-families. 40.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the town was 42.4 years. 18.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.1% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.1% male and 53.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,211 people, 581 households, and 330 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,797.4 inhabitants per square mile (697.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 658 housing units at an average density of 976.6 per square mile (379.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.74% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.41% of the population.

There were 581 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.2% were non-families.    40.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.0% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,077, and the median income for a family was $38,250. Males had a median income of $28,500 versus $20,769 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,581. About 12.1% of families and 20.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.7% of those under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over.

