==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 529
|1910= 401
|1920= 449
|1930= 327
|1940= 325
|1950= 321
|1960= 274
|1970= 245
|1980= 278
|1990= 238
|2000= 284
|2010= 239
|2020= 201
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 284 people, 107 households, and 80 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|610.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|251.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.06% of the population.

There were 107 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.2% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,386, and the median income for a family was $34,750. Males had a median income of $27,250 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,365. About 11.7% of families and 16.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.1% of those 65 or over.

