==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 541
|1950= 567
|1960= 1257
|1970= 1561
|1980= 1642
|1990= 1612
|2000= 1631
|2010= 1597
|2020= 1602
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,597 people, 595 households, and 492 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|311.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 647 housing units at an average density of {{convert|126.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 82.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 7.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.1% of the population.

There were 595 households, of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 17.3% were non-families. 15.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the village was 49.5 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14% were from 25 to 44; 38.5% were from 45 to 64; and 19.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,631 people, 590 households, and 493 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 320.3 people per square mile (123.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 617 housing units at an average density of 121.2 per square mile (46.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 85.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.90% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 7.54% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.08% of the population.

There were 590 households, out of which 33.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 77.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.3% were non-families. 12.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 18.8% from 25 to 44, 37.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $161,292, and the median income for a family was $181,443, but the central regions of River Hills tend to be much wealthier than the outlying regions. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $54,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $94,479. About 0.4% of families and 1.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.3% of those under age 18 and 1.3% of those age 65 or over.

