==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 424
|1890= 427
|1900= 362
|1910= 338
|1920= 345
|1930= 325
|1940= 341
|1950= 275
|1960= 237
|1970= 206
|1980= 234
|1990= 234
|2000= 257
|2010= 221
|2020= 201
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 221 people, 93 households, and 59 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1473.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 107 housing units at an average density of {{convert|713.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 93 households, of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the city was 39.9 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.9% were from 25 to 44; 23% were from 45 to 64; and 20.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.6% male and 48.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 257 people, 104 households, and 65 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,654.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|740.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 104 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the city the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 105.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,000, and the median income for a family was $39,750. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $19,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,868. About 1.6% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 22.7% of those 65 or over.

