==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 35
|1940= 33
|1960= 57
|1970= 130
|1980= 100
|1990= 90
|2000= 83
|2010= 69
|2020= 56
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Chalkyitsik first appeared as an unincorporated village on the 1930<ref>{{cite web |title=Population - Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/00476569ch2.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1930}}</ref> U.S. Census under the name of Fishhook, which is the literal translation of the native name,<ref>{{Cite web | url=https://books.google.com/books?id=Rr9RAQAAMAAJ&q=fishhook&pg=PA49 |title = Geological Survey Professional Paper|year = 1949}}</ref> not to be confused with the present census-designated place, [[Fishhook, Alaska|Fishhook]] in the [[Matanuska-Susitna Borough]]. It appeared again in 1940,<ref>{{cite web |title=Alaska - Number of Inhabitants |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/33973538v1ch11.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1940}}</ref> but failed to appear in 1950.<ref>{{cite web |title=Number of Inhabitants - Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/41601749v2p51-54ch2.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1950}}</ref> It was returned in 1960<ref>{{cite web |title=Number of Inhabitants - Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/37721577v1p3ch2.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1960}}</ref> formally as Chalkyitsik, and has appeared on every successive census. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.<ref>{{cite web |title=Characteristics of the Populations - Number of Inhabitants - Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1980a_akABCD-01.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=May 1982}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 83 people, 35 households, and 17 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|9.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|7.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.59% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]] and 2.41% [[Race (United States Census)|white]].

There were 35 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.4% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.29.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 13.3% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 14.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 137.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 185.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $16,250, and the median income for a family was $16,875. Males had a median income of $41,250 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,509. There were 54.5% of families and 52.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under eighteen and none of those over 64.

