==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 173
|1930= 184
|1940= 241
|1950= 206
|1960= 663
|1970= 570
|1980= 530
|1990= 454
|2000= 408
|2010= 552
|2020= 395
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 552 people, 228 households, and 131 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1226.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 282 housing units at an average density of {{convert|626.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.7% of the population.

There were 228 households, of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.5% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.17.

The median age in the town was 35.8 years. 24.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.2% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 54.9% male and 45.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 408 people, 161 households, and 113 families residing in the town. The population density was 1,055.3 people per square mile (403.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 192 housing units at an average density of 496.6 per square mile (190.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.98% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.72% of the population.

There were 161 households, out of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.7% were married couples living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,346, and the median income for a family was $50,833. Males had a median income of $41,964 versus $18,750 for females. The per capita income for the town was $17,647. About 10.2% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.8% of those under age 18 and 3.1% of those age 65 or over.

