==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1880= 250
|1890= 277
|1900= 340
|1910= 336
|1920= 413
|1930= 353
|1940= 371
|1950= 388
|1960= 384
|1970= 454
|1980= 435
|1990= 469
|2000= 426
|2010= 416
|2020= 402
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=US Census Bureau |accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1766534 |access-date=June 28, 2022 |publisher=US Census Bureau}}</ref>, there were 402 people, 156 households and 88 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|391.43|/sqmi|/km2}}. There were 171 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|166.50|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 9.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.24% of the population.

There were 156 households, of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.54% were married couples living together, 10.26% had a female householder with no husband present and 43.59% were non-families. 30.77% of all households were made up of individuals and 24.36% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 2.29.

18.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 17.9% from 25 to 44, 31.4% from 45 to 64 and 28.9% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53.6 years. For every 100 females, there were 123.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $49,500 and the median family income was $78,750. Males had a median income of $42,500 and females $20,000. The [[per capita income]] was $29,109. About 3.4% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.6% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

