==Demographics==
===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Rushmere CDP, Virginia – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Rushmere CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US5169472&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Rushmere CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US5169472&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|385
|561
|37.82%
|47.74%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|612
|532
|60.12%
|45.28%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|5
|12
|0.49%
|1.02%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|2
|5
|0.20%
|0.43%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Some Other Race]] alone (NH)
|4
|4
|0.39%
|0.34%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed Race or Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|6
|49
|0.59%
|4.17%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|4
|12
|0.39%
|1.02%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''1,018'''
|'''1,175'''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,083 people, 435 households, and 313 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 129.6 people per square mile (50.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 529 housing units at an average density of 63.3/sq&nbsp;mi (24.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 36.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 62.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.65% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.83% of the population.

There were 435 households, out of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.0% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 29.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $40,794, and the median income for a family was $41,426. Males had a median income of $34,750 versus $21,389 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,722. About 9.5% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.2% of those under age 18 and 16.9% of those age 65 or over.

