==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 199
|1940= 417
|1950= 345
|1960= 711
|1970= 562
|1980= 441
|1990= 376
|2000= 364
|2010= 319
|2020= 219
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 319 people, 135 households, and 84 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|272.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 164 housing units at an average density of {{convert|140.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 84.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 15.05% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.31% of the population.

There were 135 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.8% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 37.9 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 364 people, 163 households, and 108 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|316.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 185 housing units at an average density of {{convert|160.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.87% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 3.30% from two or more races.

There were 163 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the city the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 22.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 89.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,444, and the median income for a family was $21,528. Males had a median income of $20,750 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,646. About 19.6% of families and 20.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.0% of those under age 18 and 10.2% of those age 65 or over.

