==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1920|278
|1930|373
|1940|335
|1950|373
|1960|376
|1970|378
|1980|377
|1990|320
|2000|305
|2010|315
|2020|282
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-28}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 282 people, 119 households, and 74 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,228.0 inhabitants per square mile (474.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 136 housing units at an average density of 592.2 per square mile (228.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 94.3% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.4% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 2.5% from other races and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 3.2% of the population.

Of the 119 households, 37.0% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% were cohabitating couples, 21.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 26.9% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 37.8% of all households were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 35.5 years. 32.3% of the residents were under the age of 20; 2.5% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 and 44; 24.8% were from 45 and 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref>{{failed verification|date=April 2015}}, there were 315 people, 135 households, and 78 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1575.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|735.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% White, 0.3% from other races, and 0.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 135 households, of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.2% were married couples living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.2% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 39.4 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 15.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

