==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 179
|1970= 206
|1980= 280
|1990= 237
|2000= 222
|2010= 241
|2020= 273
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 241 people, 110 households, and 57 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|617.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 140 housing units at an average density of {{convert|359.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 83.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 5.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.0% of the population.

There were 110 households, of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.2% were non-families. 40.9% of the households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the village was 44.5 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 22% were 65 years or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.7% male and 47.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 222 people, 98 households, and 58 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 553.2 people per square mile (214.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 131 housing units at an average density of 326.4 per square mile (126.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 89.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 9.01% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.90% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.45% from two or more races. 2.70% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 98 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.8% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone aged 65 years or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.7 males. For every 100 females aged 18 years and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,625, and the median income for a family was $38,500. Males had a median income of $37,813 and females had $18,750. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,122. About 8.9% of families and 16.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.1% under the age of 18 and 14.0% aged 65 or older.

