==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1910= 611
|1920= 698
|1930= 692
|1940= 746
|1950= 838
|1960= 785
|1970= 831
|1980= 781
|1990= 894
|2000= 1059
|2010= 974
|2020= 904
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

As of the 2010 census, the borough was 95.4% White, 0.6% Black or African American, 0.3% Native American, 0.8% Asian, 0.1% Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, and 0.6% were two or more races. 3.1% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |title=Census 2010: Pennsylvania |publisher=Usatoday.Com |access-date=2013-07-22}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,059 people, 374 households, and 305 families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|2,475.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 382 housing units at an average density of {{convert|892.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 97.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.57% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.66% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.85% of the population.

There were 666 households, out of which 39.8% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 69.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.4% were non-families. 13.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.5% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.07.

Within the borough, the population was spread out, with 26.3% of residents who were under the age of eighteen, 6.6% who were aged eighteen to twenty-four, 32.4% who were aged twenty-five to forty-four, 23.2% who were aged forty-five to sixty-four, and 11.4% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-seven years.

For every one hundred females, there were 96.8 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 93.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $52,250, and the median income for a family was $60,000. Males had a median income of $38,125 compared with that of $30,441 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $20,778.

Approximately 1.9% of families and 5.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 5.9% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 4.9% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

