==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 260
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 265 people, 102 households, and 79 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|373.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 107 housing units at an average density of {{convert|151.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.75% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 102 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.7% were married couples living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.5% were non-families. 18.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.4% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 30.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $27,143, and the median income for a family was $24,583. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,283. About 16.2% of families and 17.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.2% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those sixty five or over.

