==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 205
|1920= 175
|1930= 297
|1940= 318
|1950= 324
|1960= 529
|1970= 360
|1980= 381
|1990= 366
|2000= 329
|2010= 440
|2020= 347
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 329 people, 137 households, and 96 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|749.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 155 housing units at an average density of {{convert|353.2|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.38% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.61% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], no [[Asia]]n or [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.61% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.22% of the population.

There were 137 households, out of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.2% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 10.9% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,083, and the median income for a family was $41,500. Males had a median income of $25,688 versus $20,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,402. About 5.8% of families and 7.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.2% of those under age 18 and 14.3% of those age 65 or over.{{clear left}}

