==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|1880= 72
|1960= 315
|1970= 278
|1980= 884
|1990= 821
|2000= 840
|2010= 735
|2020= 727
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archivedate=May 22, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Lexington racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0142640&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 16, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|688
|94.64%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|4
|0.55%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|17
|2.34%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|18
|2.48%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 727 people, 366 households, and 261 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 840 people, 364 households, and 244 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|261.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 394 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.29% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.24% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 0.48% from two or more races. 0.36% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 364 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,736, and the median income for a family was $38,500. Males had a median income of $35,083 versus $17,422 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,184. About 5.9% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.5% of those under age 18 and 18.7% of those age 65 or over.

