==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|2020= 101
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

Mentor is a part of the [[Salina, Kansas micropolitan area|Salina micropolitan area]].

The [[2020 United States census]] counted 101 people, 46 households, and 33 families in Mentor.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Mentor%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 261.0 per square mile (100.8/km{{sup|2}}). There were 48 housing units at an average density of 124.0 per square mile (47.9/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Mentor%20CDP,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 92.08% (93) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (86.14% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 2.97% (3) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.95% (5) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Mentor%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 8.91% (9) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Mentor%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 46 households, 19.6% had children under the age of 18; 60.9% were married couples living together; 17.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 21.7% of households consisted of individuals and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.2 and the average family size was 2.7.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Mentor%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 7.9% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Mentor%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

14.9% of the population was under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 14.9% from 25 to 44, 37.6% from 45 to 64, and 29.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.4 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 100.0 males.<ref name=:0 />

