==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 339
|1890= 183
|1900= 204
|1910= 292
|1920= 363
|1930= 334
|1940= 256
|1950= 233
|1960= 265
|1970= 248
|1980= 311
|1990= 318
|2000= 278
|2010= 332
|2020= 417
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 278 people, 98 households, and 68 families in the town. The population density was 43.1 people per square mile (16.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 106 housing units at an average density of 16.4 per square mile (6.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 95.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.72% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.16% of the population.

There were 98 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were married couples living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84, and the average family size was 3.57.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 30.2% under 18, 12.9% from 18 to 24, 20.9% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 98.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $43,750, and the median income for a family was $58,750. Males had a median income of $42,500 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $20,260. About 5.0% of families and 5.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.2% of those under eighteen and 6.7% of those 65 or over.
{{clear}}

