==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 289
|1930= 224
|1940= 229
|1950= 200
|1960= 142
|1970= 109
|1980= 95
|1990= 72
|2000= 63
|2010= 52
|2020= 66
|estyear=2024
|estimate=66
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=September 24, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 52 people, 30 households, and 12 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|88.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|62.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 30 households, of which 13.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 60.0% were non-families. 46.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 36.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.73 and the average family size was 2.42.

The median age in the city was 59.7 years. Of the residents, 13.5% were under 18, 3.7% were between 18 and 24, 15.4% were between 25 and 44, 23.1% were between 45 and 64, and 44.2% were 65 or older. The gender distribution was 40.4% male and 59.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 63 people, 29 households, and 18 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|106.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|72.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]].

There were 29 households, out of which 17.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.58.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 14.3% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 31.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,375, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,618. There were 15.4% of families and 16.4% of the population living below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 18.2% of those over 64.

