==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 380
|1930= 252
|1940= 407
|1950= 376
|1960= 233
|1970= 212
|1980= 252
|1990= 272
|2000= 391
|2010= 385
|2020= 322
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 391 people, 142 households, and 105 families in the town. The population density was {{convert|219.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 183 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup was 53.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.77% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.81% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 39.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.05% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 67.01%.

There were 142 households, of which 35.2% had children under 1, 63.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% a female householder with no husband present, and 25.4% were non-families. 21.1% of households were of individuals and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size 3.26.

In the town, the population was 27.9% under 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% 65 or older. The median age was 37. For every 100 females, there were 106.9 males. For every 100 females 18 and over, there were 102.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,875, and the median income for a family $22,411. Males had a median income of $20,125 versus $15,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,200. About 19.5% of families and 21.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.1% of those under 18 and 11.3% of those 65 or over.
{{clear}}

