==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 99
|1930= 581
|1940= 906
|1950= 1056
|1960= 1588
|1970= 2378
|1980= 2236
|1990= 2508
|2000= 2493
|2010= 2270
|2020= 2264
|estyear=2023
|estimate=2227
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010">{{Cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (DP-1): Gates Mills village, Ohio |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=November 22, 2011 }}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Gates Mills village, Ohio – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Gates Mills village, Ohio|url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US3929498&tid=DECENNIALSF12000.P004|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Gates Mills village, Ohio|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US3929498&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Gates Mills village, Ohio|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US3929498&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!% 2000
!% 2010
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|2,316
|2,069
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1,998
|92.90%
|91.15%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |88.25%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|23
|30
|style='background: #ffffe6; |52
|0.92%
|1.32%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |2.30%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|5
|3
|style='background: #ffffe6; |2
|0.20%
|0.13%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.09%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|87
|91
|style='background: #ffffe6; |84
|3.49%
|4.01%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3.71%
|-
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|2
|7
|style='background: #ffffe6; |8
|0.08%
|0.31%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.35%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|20
|27
|style='background: #ffffe6; |63
|0.80%
|1.19%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |2.78%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|40
|43
|style='background: #ffffe6; |57
|1.60%
|1.89%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |2.52%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''2,493'''
|'''2,270'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''2,264 '''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,270 people, 919 households, and 698 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|253.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 992 housing units at an average density of {{convert|110.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 919 households, of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.0% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the village was 52.5 years. 18.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.4% were from 25 to 44; 39% were from 45 to 64; and 23.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,493 people, 925 households, and 750 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|274.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 974 housing units at an average density of {{convert|107.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.92% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.60% of the population.

There were 925 households, out of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.9% were non-families. 16.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 17.6% from 25 to 44, 35.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $133,605, and the median income for a family was $161,350. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $50,761 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $74,732. About 1.0% of families and 1.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 4.1% of those age 65 or over.

