==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 86
|1920= 223
|1930= 296
|1940= 351
|1950= 400
|1960= 517
|1970= 657
|1980= 1565
|1990= 1985
|2000= 2083
|2010= 2158
|2020= 2177
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census, the borough was 90.5% White, 1.4% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 2.0% Asian, and 2.1% were two or more races. 8.9% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |title=Census 2010: Philadelphia gains, Pittsburgh shrinks in population |work=[[USA Today]] |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20110314234139/https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |archive-date=2011-03-14 |url-status=dead}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,083 people, 851 households, and 520 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,825.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 869 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,596.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 93.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.59% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.97% of the population.

There were 851 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.8% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 38.5% from 25 to 44, 16.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 98.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.6 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $48,235, and the median income for a family was $55,724. Males had a median income of $37,441 versus $26,589 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $21,778. About 4.3% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.2% of those under age 18 and 7.0% of those age 65 or over.

