==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 97
|1910= 209
|1920= 206
|1930= 238
|1940= 226
|1950= 227
|1960= 274
|1970= 289
|1980= 476
|1990= 371
|2000= 328
|2010= 386
|2020= 355
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 328 people, 136 households, and 93 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|377.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 153 housing units at an average density of {{convert|176.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.30% of the population.

There were 136 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were married couples living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.9% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 27.1% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $20,455 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,454. None of the families and 4.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 14.0% of those over 64.

