==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 469
|1890= 600
|1900= 562
|1910= 771
|1920= 1072
|1930= 1045
|1940= 1077
|1950= 1057
|1960= 961
|1970= 774
|1980= 717
|1990= 723
|2000= 593
|2010= 620
|2020= 631
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2020, there were 631 people, 221 households, and 125 families residing in the village.  The [[population density]] was 337.4 people per square mile (130.1/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 310 housing units at an average density of 165.8/sq&nbsp;mi (63.9/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the village was 91.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.63% [[Black/African American (U.S. Census)|Black/African American]], 0.48% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.75% from two or more races.<ref name="North Troy, Vermont village profile">{{cite web |title=North Troy village, Vermont Census Bureau profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/North_Troy_village,_Vermont?g=160XX00US5052075 |website=Census Bureau Data |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=April 26, 2023}}</ref>

There were 221 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 31.2% had a female householder with no spouse present, and 10.0% had a male householder with no spouse present. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.39.<ref name="North Troy, Vermont village profile"/>

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.45% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males.<ref name="North Troy, Vermont village profile"/>

The median income for a household in the village was $55,486, and the median income for a family was $83,438. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $25,829.  About 11.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.4% of those under age 18 and 17.9% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="North Troy, Vermont village profile"/>

