==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 206
|1920= 1147
|1930= 1271
|1940= 1404
|1950= 1689
|1960= 1759
|1970= 1545
|1980= 1469
|1990= 1312
|2000= 1089
|2010= 1070
|2020= 1065
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1058
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 24, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 24, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 7, 2013|df=mdy }}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,070 people, 513 households, and 281 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|781.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 613 housing units at an average density of {{convert|447.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 513 households, of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were married couples living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.2% were non-families. 40.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.98 and the average family size was 2.64.

The median age in the city was 50.4 years. 17.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 29.9% were from 45 to 64; and 28.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,089 people, 489 households, and 290 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|807.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 637 housing units at an average density of {{convert|472.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.01% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.83% of the population.

There were 489 households, out of which 22.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.1% were married couples living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.5% were non-families. 38.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 18.7% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 33.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,382, and the median income for a family was $39,643. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $15,882 for females. The per capita income for the city was $15,922. About 8.5% of families and 13.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.4% of those under age 18 and 15.4% of those age 65 or over.

