==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 1323
|2010= 959
|2020= 597
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,323 people, 454 households, and 345 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|192.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 572 housing units at an average density of {{convert|83.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 62.0% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 32.7% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races.  59.0% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 454 households, out of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.8% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.91 and the average family size was 3.35.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 32.8% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $35,592, and the median income for a family was $37,200. Males had a median income of $31,948 versus $25,800 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,072.  About 8.6% of families and 13.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.5% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

