==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 376
|1910= 1081
|1920= 1233
|1930= 1313
|1940= 1506
|1950= 2041
|1960= 2156
|1970= 1984
|1980= 1695
|1990= 1611
|2000= 1598
|2010= 1398
|2020= 1165
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Gueydan racial composition as of 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2232055&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 965
| 82.83%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 157
| 13.48%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 20
| 1.72%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 23
| 1.97%
|}
At the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,165 people, 518 households, and 333 families residing in the town. At the [[2000 United States census|2000 U.S. census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 1,598 people, 644 households, and 416 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,874.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 724 housing units at an average density of {{convert|849.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.83% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.25% of the population.

There were 644 households, out of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,165, and the median income for a family was $32,039. Males had a median income of $25,682 versus $13,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,738. About 16.1% of families and 21.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.6% of those under age 18 and 21.9% of those age 65 or over.

