==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1940= 259
|1950= 170
|1960= 188
|1970= 182
|1980= 209
|1990= 128
|2000= 214
|2010= 207
|2020= 170
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]], there were 207 people, 76 households, and 59 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,070|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|860|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White American|White]], 1.9% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian]], 1.4% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics and Latinos]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.<ref name=Census2010>{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | url = https://www.census.gov | access-date = 2011-09-11}}</ref>

There were 76 households, of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.3% had a male householder with no wife present, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.4% were non-families. 18.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72, and the average family size was 3.10.<ref name=Census2010/>

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 12.6% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 107 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.6 males age 18 and over.<ref name=Census2010/>

The median income for a household in the city was $48,021, and the median income for a family was $48,854. Males had a median income of $34,688 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,241. 5.7% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.8% of those under age 18 and 18.8% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=Census2010/>

