==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 102
|1900= 505
|1910= 554
|1920= 539
|1930= 398
|1940= 396
|1950= 305
|1960= 237
|1970= 254
|1980= 225
|1990= 169
|2000= 211
|2010= 156
|2020= 125
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 156 people, 79 households, and 41 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|458.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 107 housing units at an average density of {{convert|314.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 79 households, of which 20.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.1% were non-families. 39.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the city was 51.2 years. 19.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.7% were from 25 to 44; 39% were from 45 to 64; and 21.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 211 people, 75 households, and 53 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|629.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 92 housing units at an average density of {{convert|274.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.47% from two or more races.

There were 75 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.3% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 19.9% from 25 to 44, 16.6% from 45 to 64, and 33.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $19,375 versus $14,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,046. About 7.1% of families and 11.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 14.0% of those 65 or over.

