==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 890
|2020= 750
|align= left
|footnote= <ref>{{cite report|author=<!--staff writer(s); no by-line.-->|date=2010|title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data for Gouldsboro, Pennsylvania|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US4230200|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce|access-date=5 June 2015|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213063419/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US4230200|archive-date=13 February 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref><ref name="census.gov">US Census Bureau, 2020 Census Report, Gouldsboro CDP, Pennsylvania Profile https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?searchType=web&cssp=SERP&q=Gouldsboro%20CDP,%20Pennsylvania</ref>
}}
As of the [[2010 United States Census|Census of 2010]], there were 890 people, 353 households, and 253 families in Gouldsboro. The CDP's population density was {{convert|343|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}, and there were 546 housing units at an average density of 182/sq mi (70.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the populace was 94.9% [[White American#Current U.S. Census Definition|White]], 1.0% [[African American#Identity|African American]], 0.1% [[Native Americans in the United States#Increased self-identification|Native American]], 1.3% [[Asian American|Asian]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islands American#Population|Pacific Islander]], 1.3% of [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|other races]], and 1.1% of two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans#Terminology|Hispanics and Latinos]] of all races made up 4.0% of the population.<ref name="Gazetteer"/><ref name="Full Census">{{cite report|author=<!--staff writer(s); no by-line.-->|date=2010|title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data for Gouldsboro, Pennsylvania|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US4230200|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce|access-date=5 June 2015|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213063419/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US4230200|archive-date=13 February 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref>

Of Gouldsboro's households 71.7% were families, 55.8% were headed by a [[Heterosexuality|heterosexual]] [[Marriage|married couple]] (Pennsylvania did not allow [[same-sex marriage]] until May 20, 2014, after the 2010 Census had been completed), and 30.3% included children under the age of 18. Of households 10.8% were headed by a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% by a male householder with no wife present, and 28.3% consisted of non-families. Of all households 24.1% were made up of individuals, and 13.3% consisted of a person 65 years of age or older living alone. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.95.<ref name="Full Census"/>

Gouldsboro's age distribution was 23.9% under the age of 18, 5.2% between the ages of 18 and 24, 19.9% between 25 and 44, 34.7% between 45 and 64, and 16.3% 65 years of age or older. The population's median age was 45.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.7 males in the same age range.<ref name="Full Census"/>

According to [[American Community Survey|American Community Survey (ACS)]] estimates, the median income for a household in Gouldsboro in 2013 was $45,469, and the median income for a family was $54,000. Males had a median income of $50,000, while females had a median income of $28,750. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $27,753. Of families 0.0% and 1.4% of people were below the Census Bureau's [[Poverty thresholds (United States Census Bureau)|poverty thresholds]] (different from the federally defined [[Poverty in the United States#Two official measures of poverty|poverty guidelines]]), including 0.0% of those under age 18 and 4.7% of those age 65 or over.<ref>{{cite report|author=<!--staff writer(s); no by-line.-->|date=2013|title=Selected Economic Characteristics 2009–2013 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Gouldsboro, Pennsylvania|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/DP03/1600000US4230200|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce|access-date=5 June 2015|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213071230/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/DP03/1600000US4230200|archive-date=13 February 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref><ref>{{cite report|author=<!--staff writer(s); no by-line.-->|date=2013|title=Occupation by Sex and Median Earnings in the Past 12 Months (In 2013 Inflation-Adjusted Dollars) For the Civilian Employed Population 16 Years and Over 2009–2013 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Gouldsboro, Pennsylvania|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/S2401/1600000US4230200|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce|access-date=5 June 2015|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213111331/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/S2401/1600000US4230200|archive-date=13 February 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref>

According to self-reported [[Race and ethnicity in the United States#Ancestry|ancestry]] figures recorded by the ACS, the five largest ancestral groups in Gouldsboro in 2013 were [[Irish American|Irish]] (40.3%), [[German American|Germans]] (38.0%), [[Polish American|Poles]] (13.9%), [[English American|English]] (13.4%), and [[Italian American|Italians]] (13.3%). Those reporting [[American ethnicity|American ancestry]] made up 2.5% of the population.<ref>{{cite report|author=<!--staff writer(s); no by-line.-->|date=2013|title=Selected Social Characteristics in the United States 2009–2013 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Gouldsboro, Pennsylvania|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/DP02/1600000US4230200|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce|access-date=29 June 2015|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213060251/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/DP02/1600000US4230200|archive-date=13 February 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref>

