==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 234
|1900= 406
|1910= 765
|1920= 833
|1930= 833
|1940= 768
|1950= 744
|1960= 603
|1970= 523
|1980= 579
|1990= 539
|2000= 637
|2010= 539
|2020= 563
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 539 people, 247 households, and 153 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|770.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 295 housing units at an average density of {{convert|421.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 247 households, of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the village was 47.8 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 28.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.5% male and 54.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 637 people, 262 households, and 166 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|916.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 291 housing units at an average density of {{convert|418.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.78% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.41% of the population.

There were 262 households, out of which 25.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 17.4% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 30.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.2 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $27,656, and the median income for a family was $37,000. Males had a median income of $24,188 versus $16,591 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,673. About 7.2% of families and 14.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.0% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.

