==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 2459
| 1910 = 3624
| 1920 = 3991
| 1930 = 4489
| 1940 = 4275
| 1950 = 4041
| 1960 = 3545
| 1970 = 2099
| 1980 = 2386
| 1990 = 2451
| 2000 = 2386
| 2010 = 2156
| 2020 = 2149
| footnote = Sources: U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing by Decades|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=April 10, 2025}}</ref>
}}

Leechburg's population increased from just 359 in 1850 to 4,489 by 1930, due largely to the booming industrial sector.<ref name="Census2020" /> Immigrants from [[Italy]], [[Slovakia]], [[Hungary]], [[Poland]], [[Ireland]], and [[Germany]] settled in the borough, establishing ethnic neighborhoods, clubs, and churches. The town's population gradually declined after [[World War II]], mirroring regional industrial decline. By 2000, it had fallen below 2,400, and the 2020 census recorded 2,149 residents.<ref name="LAMHS" />

The racial makeup of the borough was 91.91% White, 5.46% Black or African American, and 2.63% identifying as two or more races. There were no reported residents identifying as Native American, Asian, or Pacific Islander in the 2020 count.

The median age in the borough was 39.2 years. The gender distribution was nearly even, with 49.51% male and 50.49% female residents. There were a total of 921 households, with an average household size of 2.2 persons. Of these, 57.44% were family households, and 42.56% were non-family households. Approximately 24.97% of households had children under the age of 18.

The median household income in Leechburg was $54,886, with a per capita income of $28,771. About 11.5% of residents lived below the poverty line. Regarding educational attainment, 97.1% of residents age 25 and older held at least a high school diploma, while 15.6% held a bachelor’s degree or higher. Veterans made up 8.5% of the population.

There were 1,098 total housing units in the borough. Of these, 60.26% were owner-occupied and 39.74% were renter-occupied. The median value of owner-occupied housing units was $94,300.<ref>{{cite web |title=Leechburg, PA - Profile data |url=https://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US4242280-leechburg-pa/ |publisher=Census Reporter |access-date=April 10, 2025}}</ref>

