==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 277
|1910= 330
|1920= 463
|1930= 377
|1940= 405
|1950= 414
|1960= 362
|1970= 394
|1980= 453
|1990= 469
|2000= 440
|2010= 441
|2020= 386
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 440 people, 174 households, and 116 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|890.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 187 housing units at an average density of {{convert|378.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 62.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 29.09% [[African Americans|African American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.73% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 0.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.86% of the population.

There were 174 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32 .8% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,672, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $27,857 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,204. About 12.3% of families and 16.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.4% of those under age 18 and 29.2% of those age 65 or over.

