==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 420
|1890= 408
|1900= 468
|1910= 490
|1920= 514
|1930= 705
|1940= 789
|1950= 1001
|1960= 1018
|1970= 1227
|1980= 1222
|1990= 1201
|2000= 1157
|2010= 1146
|2020= 1171
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,146 people, 449 households, and 315 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2387.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 476 housing units at an average density of {{convert|991.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 449 households, of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.8% were non-families. 22.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 36.6 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,157 people, 423 households, and 307 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|2,497.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 442 housing units at an average density of {{convert|954.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.12% of the population.

There were 423 households, out of which 39.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.2% were non-families. 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.5% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $44,861, and the median income for a family was $58,000. Males had a median income of $44,712 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,657.  About 7.3% of families and 9.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.8% of those under age 18 and 6.1% of those age 65 or over.

