==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 249
| 1980 = 320
| 1990 = 324
| 2000 = 407
| 2010 = 439
| 2020 = 426
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 422
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 445 people, 162 households, and 118 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|120.9|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 169 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.2|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.81% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.49% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.25% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.72% from two or more races. 0.74% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 155 households, out of which 44.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.0% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $37,708. Males had a median income of $27,778 versus $18,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,928. About 7.3% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.8% of those under age 18 and 21.4% of those age 65 or over.

