==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= right
|1890|242
|1900|388
|1910|461
|1920|471
|1930|475
|1940|476
|1950|514
|1960|528
|1970|535
|1980|630
|1990|614
|2000|617
|2010|554
|2020|528
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 Census===
As of the 2020 [[Census]],<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Zearing_city,_Iowa?g=1600000US1987555 |access-date=2022-12-05 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there was a total population of 528 people. There was a population density of 704 people per square mile, spread over 0.75 miles. Of those 528 people, the median age was 36.9 years, with 19.7% of the town's population under the age of 18, 60.2% between the ages of 18 and 64, and 20.1% of the population over the age of 65. There were a total of 231 households, with an average of 2.81 people per household.

57% of the town's population is male, with 43% of the population female. The racial makeup of the town was 93.75% White, less than 0.5% African American, 4.2% mixed race, and 1.51% Hispanic.

The average income per capita of Zearing was $24,001, which is lower than the state average, and the median household income was $54,861, 90% of the average for the rest of the state. 17% of the town lives under the poverty line, which is far higher than the rest of the state which has an average of 11%.

61% of the population of the town is identified as currently married, with 11.7% of women between the ages of 15 and 50 gave birth during that year, almost double the state average.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Census profile: Zearing, IA |url=http://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US1987555-zearing-ia/ |access-date=2022-12-05 |website=Census Reporter |language=en}}</ref>

92.5% of the Zearing population has received a high school degree, which is the same as the Iowa state average. Although Zearing has a lower-than-average percentage of the population having received college degrees, only 28.4% of the town's population has received a college degree compared to the state average of 30.5%.

6.2% of the town's population were veterans.

===2010 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 554 people, 219 households, and 146 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|738.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 245 housing units at an average density of {{convert|326.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.2% from two or more races.

There were 219 households, of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 39 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 22.4% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 617 people, 229 households, and 158 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|828.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 249 housing units at an average density of {{convert|334.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.81% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.65% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.65% of the population.

There were 229 households, out of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.13.

26.6% are under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,614, and the median income for a family was $45,156. Males had a median income of $30,398 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,615. None of the families and 3.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 1.6% of those over 64.

