==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1900= 212
|1910= 173
|1920= 187
|1930= 201
|1940= 169
|1950= 187
|1960= 221
|1970= 244
|1980= 194
|1990= 156
|2000= 159
|2010= 164
|2020= 124
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 159 people, 62 households, and 47 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,518.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|649.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 62 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.6% were non-families. 17.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the village, the population was distributed as follows: 25.8% were under the age of 18, 4.4% were between 18 and 24, 32.1% were from 25 to 44, 24.5% were from 45 to 64, and 13.2% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.9 males. Among females aged 18 and over, there were 103.4 males for every 100 females.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,875, and the median income for a family was $46,042. Males had a median income of $29,750 versus $19,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,846. None of the families and 2.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 12.9% of those over 64.

