==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 64
| 1890 = 407
| 1900 = 627
| 1910 = 558
| 1920 = 598
| 1930 = 554
| 1940 = 615
| 1950 = 576
| 1960 = 538
| 1970 = 518
| 1980 = 616
| 1990 = 676
| 2000 = 663
| 2010 = 718
| 2020 = 705
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 715
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 718 people, 279 households, and 192 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1329.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 298 housing units at an average density of {{convert|551.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 279 households, of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.2% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the village was 35.9 years. 24.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 to 44; 28.3% were from 45 to 64; and 11.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 663 people, 252 households and 179 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,252.1 per square mile (483.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 273 housing units at an average density of 515.6 per square mile (198.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.60% from two or more races.

There were 252 households, of which 37.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.12.

In terms of age distribution, 30.3% were under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $43,295. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $21,442 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,126. About 1.7% of families and 5.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.7% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.

