==Demographics==
{{update|section|date=June 2021}}
{{US Census population
|2010= 5575
|2020= 6002
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/paolicdppennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2019 [[Survey (human research)|survey]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US4257816|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2021|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 5,651 people, 2,552 housing units and 1,437 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|2,710.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,468 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,233.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.64% [[Asian American (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.39% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.57% from two or more races. 0.85% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 2,361 households, of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.89.

20.2% of the population were under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.2 males.

According to the 2024 American Communities Survey, the [[median household income]] was $117,094 and the median family income was $170,433. The [[per capita income]] was $70,424. 4.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].

