==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 271
|1890= 524
|1900= 758
|1910= 1377
|1920= 1780
|1930= 1750
|1940= 2187
|1950= 2351
|1960= 2433
|1970= 2403
|1980= 2496
|1990= 2345
|2000= 2107
|2010= 2021
|2020= 1841
|2025=2850
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+St. Matthews racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4562620&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 14, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|655
|35.58%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|1,068
|58.01%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|7
|0.38%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|7
|0.38%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|52
|2.82%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|52
|2.82%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,841 people, 943 households, and 531 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,107 people, 823 households, and 549 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,091.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 913 housing units at an average density of {{convert|472.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 37.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 61.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.33% of the population.

There were 823 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.2% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 72.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 66.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,969, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $29,760 versus $21,311 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,911. About 19.5% of families and 24.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.8% of those under age 18 and 21.4% of those age 65 or over.

