==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 402
|1930= 387
|1940= 548
|1950= 733
|1960= 1158
|1970= 936
|1980= 963
|1990= 942
|2000= 871
|2010= 847
|2020= 847
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 847 people, 395 households, and 223 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1764.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 462 housing units at an average density of {{convert|962.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.0% from two or more races.

There were 395 households, of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.5% were non-families. 41.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the town was 51 years. 21.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.2% were from 25 to 44; 29.3% were from 45 to 64; and 27.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.5% male and 54.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 871 people, 384 households, and 228 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,668.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 471 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,010.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.57% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.46% from two or more races.

There were 384 households, out of which 24.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.6% were non-families. 37.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 20.1% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 27.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females there were 84.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.8 males.


The median income for a household in the town was $27,578, and the median income for a family was $42,639. Males had a median income of $26,154 versus $17,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,077. About 14.6% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.1% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.

