==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 250
|1890= 271
|1900= 220
|1910= 267
|1920= 167
|1930= 137
|1940= 175
|1950= 520
|1960= 507
|1970= 928
|1980= 990
|1990= 851
|2000= 635
|2010= 673
|2020= 519
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html Decennial US Census]
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1723776 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 519 people, 64 households, and 39 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|475.27|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|85.16|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 78.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.79% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.70% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.58% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.59% of the population.

There were 64 households, out of which 10.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.94% were married couples living together, none had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.06% were non-families. 39.06% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.44% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 1.83.

The village's age distribution consisted of 1.0% under the age of 18, 79.9% from 18 to 24, 6.6% from 25 to 44, 5.7% from 45 to 64, and 6.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 20.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 119.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $97,500, and the median income for a family was $123,125. Males had a median income of $5,104 versus $4,141 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,499. About 0.0% of families and 6.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.0% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.

