==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 308
| 1920 = 317
| 1930 = 216
| 1940 = 281
| 1950 = 268
| 1960 = 317
| 1970 = 325
| 1980 = 309
| 1990 = 230
| 2000 = 232
| 2010 = 236
| 2020 = 213
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 25, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Creston, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Creston%20town,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 14, 2024}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 236 people, 114 households, and 67 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|524.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 130 housing units at an average density of {{convert|288.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.4% from two or more races.

There were 114 households, of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.2% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.66.

The median age in the town was 51.5 years. 14.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.7% were from 25 to 44; 32.6% were from 45 to 64; and 28.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 232 people, 115 households, and 64 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 524.5 people per square mile (203.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 131 housing units at an average density of 296.2 per square mile (115.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 92.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.86% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.86% of the population.

There were 115 households, out of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.5% were non-families. 40.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 27.6% from 45 to 64, and 26.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,417, and the median income for a family was $33,250. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,830. About 15.4% of families and 20.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.0% of those 65 or over.

