==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 385
|1980= 497
|1990= 529
|2000= 476
|2010= 482
|2020= 495
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 482 people residing in the town. 99.4% were [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] and 0.2% [[Multiracial American|of two or more races]].

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 476 people, 188 households, and 144 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|354.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 202 housing units at an average density of {{convert|150.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 188 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.4% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $44,167, and the median income for a family was $51,667. Males had a median income of $32,813 versus $26,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,726. About 8.7% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.2% of those under age 18 and 14.3% of those age 65 or over.

