==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 497
|1890= 570
|1900= 573
|1910= 573
|1920= 569
|1930= 595
|1940= 636
|1950= 647
|1960= 744
|1970= 739
|1980= 755
|1990= 722
|2000= 712
|2010= 717
|2020= 653
|footnote=Source: Census Bureau. Census [http://www.michigan.gov/documents/MCD1960-1990C_33608_7.pdf 1960-] 2000, 2010.
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 717 people, 282 households, and 194 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1009.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 312 housing units at an average density of {{convert|439.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 282 households, of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.2% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the village was 40 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.9% were from 25 to 44; 26.9% were from 45 to 64; and 16.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 712 people, 290 households, and 198 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,033.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 298 housing units at an average density of {{convert|432.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.84% of the population.

There were 290 households, out of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,917, and the median income for a family was $48,375. Males had a median income of $34,375 versus $25,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,531. About 4.8% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.4% of those under age 18 and 5.4% of those age 65 or over.

