==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1870 = 723
| 1880 = 598
| 1890 = 426
| 1900 = 442
| 1910 = 621
| 1920 = 647
| 1930 = 601
| 1940 = 582
| 1950 = 635
| 1960 = 807
| 1970 = 982
| 1980 = 1282
| 1990 = 1171
| 2000 = 1183
| 2010 = 1256
| 2020 = 1173
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,256 people, 531 households, and 333 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|966.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 557 housing units at an average density of {{convert|428.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 531 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.3% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the village was 39.1 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,183 people, 472 households, and 328 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 941.8 people per square mile (362.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 497 housing units at an average density of 395.7 per square mile (152.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.34% of the population.

There were 472 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,643, and the median income for a family was $45,905. Males had a median income of $28,828 versus $19,706 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,052. About 6.5% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.6% of those under age 18 and 8.4% of those age 65 or over.

