==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 320
|1880= 401
|1890= 406
|1900= 352
|1910= 337
|1920= 328
|1930= 337
|1940= 388
|1950= 400
|1960= 538
|1970= 556
|1980= 534
|1990= 411
|2000= 461
|2010= 458
|2020= 416
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 461 people, 201 households, and 129 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|958.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 227 housing units at an average density of {{convert|472.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.65% of the population.

There were 201 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no male present, and 35.8% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,167, and the median income for a family was $51,667. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $27,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,864. About 3.2% of families and 4.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.6% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.

