==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|79
|1910|69
|1920|69
|1930|80
|1940|100
|1950|93
|1960|88
|1970|104
|1980|119
|1990|184
|2000|159
|2010|165
|2020|121
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 121 people, 62 households, and 48 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 437.4 inhabitants per square mile (168.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 64 housing units at an average density of 231.3 per square mile (89.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 96.7% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.8% from other races and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.0% of the population.

Of the 62 households, 32.3% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% were cohabitating couples, 19.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 17.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 22.6% of all households were non-families. 16.1% of all households were made up of individuals, 1.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 50.3 years. 18.2% of the residents were under the age of 20; 1.7% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 24.0% were from 25 and 44; 29.8% were from 45 and 64; and 26.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.5% male and 45.5% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 165 people, 61 households, and 49 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|611.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|229.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 61 households, of which 41.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 19.7% were non-families. 16.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 38.5 years. 27.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.7% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 12.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2000, there were 159 people, 57 households, and 47 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,388.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|524.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.63% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.63% of the population.

There were 57 households, out of which 38.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.8% were non-families. 12.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 27.0% from 45 to 64, and 8.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $48,750, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $39,688 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,680. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

