==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 1044
|1940= 1123
|1950= 1113
|1960= 1323
|1970= 1422
|1980= 1395
|1990= 1359
|2000= 1290
|2010= 1294
|2020= 1269
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,290 people, 542 households, and 405 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,388.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 573 housing units at an average density of {{convert|616.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.62% of the population.

There were 542 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.1% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 20.2% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 22.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 96.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $38,167, and the median income for a family was $44,000. Males had a median income of $40,875 versus $21,944 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $20,192. The median education level of residents was twice that of the state average, with a high per capita level employed in military, department of defense and robotics related occupations.

