==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 319
|1930= 544
|1940= 474
|1950= 454
|1960= 439
|1970= 462
|1980= 501
|1990= 542
|2000= 693
|2010= 670
|2020= 661
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 693 people, 258 households, and 197 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|764.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 274 housing units at an average density of {{convert|302.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.89% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.87% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.60% of the population.

There were 258 households, out of which 41.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.6% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.0% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,458, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $30,500 versus $22,404 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,665. About 13.8% of families and 15.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.3% of those under age 18 and 17.4% of those age 65 or over.

