==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 213
|1990= 101
|2000= 118
|2010= 141
|2020= 120
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 118 people, 46 households, and 35 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|158.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|71.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.54% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 46 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.9% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 11.0% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 71.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 67.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $51,250, and the median income for a family was $58,333. Males had a median income of $40,250 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $23,468. There were 7.9% of families and 6.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 5.7% of under eighteens and 5.0% of those over 64.

===2010 census===
According to the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, the population grew to 141 people.

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Downsville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2221450&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 101
| 84.17%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 3
| 2.5%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 3
| 2.5%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 5
| 4.17%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 8
| 6.67%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 120 people, 49 households, and 35 families residing in the village.

