==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 930
|1880= 1129
|1890= 974
|1900= 960
|1910= 918
|1920= 701
|1930= 702
|1940= 998
|1950= 1383
|1960= 1568
|1970= 1884
|1980= 1919
|1990= 1904
|2000= 1998
|2010= 1653
|2020= 1340
|estyear=2024
|estimate=1297
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Clinton racial composition as of 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2215990&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 28, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 565
| 42.16%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 709
| 52.91%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.07%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 12
| 0.9%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 35
| 2.61%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 18
| 1.34%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,340 people, 737 households, and 506 families residing in the town.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,998 people, 670 households, and 481 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|729.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 771 housing units at an average density of {{convert|281.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 40.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 58.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.75% of the population.

There were 670 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 26.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.1% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.0% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,016, and the median income for a family was $29,444. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $20,268 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,353. About 25.3% of families and 33.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 44.6% of those under age 18 and 23.7% of those age 65 or over.

