==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=756
|2020=661
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Hopland first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Hopland had a population of 661. The population density was {{convert|187.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Hopland was 62.8% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|African American]], 4.1% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 2.1% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 18.9% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 12.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 35.7% of the population.<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Hopland CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0634652 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 22, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 255 households, out of which 30.6% included children under the age of 18, 43.5% were married-couple households, 10.2% were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 22.7% had a female householder with no partner present, and 23.5% had a male householder with no partner present. 28.2% of households were one person, and 9.8% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.59.<ref name=DP1/> There were 162 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (63.5% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Hopland CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0634652 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 22, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 22.1% under the age of 18, 3.8% aged 18 to 24, 26.5% aged 25 to 44, 31.0% aged 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 42.6{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 109.8 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 280 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 255 (91.1%) were occupied. Of these, 48.6% were owner-occupied, and 51.4% were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

