==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 631
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 860 people, 363 households, and 235 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|194.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 526 housing units at an average density of {{convert|119.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.47% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.05% of the population.

There were 363 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the community, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.7 males.

The median income for a household in the region was $34,083, and the median income for a family was $42,292. Males had a median income of $40,789 versus $21,806 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,310. About 17.6% of families and 21.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.0% of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those age 65 or over.

