==Demographics==
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{cite web |url=https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results |title=Data Center Results |access-date=March 24, 2017 |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20170525123705/https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results |archive-date=May 25, 2017 }}</ref> !! Percent
|-
| Spoke [[Navajo language|Navajo]] at home || 89.8%
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 10.2%
|}
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 462
|2010= 506
|2020= 769
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 462 people, 111 households, and 89 families living in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|19.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|7.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.7% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]] and 1.3% [[Race (United States Census)|White]].  None of the population is [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 111 households, out of which 46.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.8% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size had 4.16 members and the average family size was 4.90 members.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 42.6% under the age of 18, 13.0% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 13.6% from 45 to 64, and 6.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $30,529, and the median income for a family was $31,010. Males had a median income of $19,688 versus $18,516 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $5,495.  About 36.8% of families and 49.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.0% of those under age 18 and 100.0% of those age 65 or over.

