==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 6386

|2010= 5962

|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2015-06-06|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 5,962 people, 1,969 households, and 1,554 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|6,415.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,045 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,326.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 51.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 23.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 18.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 4.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.80% of the population.

There were 1,969 households, out of which 35.40% had children under the age of 19 living with them, 65.20% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.10% were non-families. 18.70% of all households were made up of individuals living alone, and 11.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.02 and the average family size was 3.46.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.20% under the age of 19, 5.80% from 20 to 24, 21.30% from 25 to 44, 30.80% from 45 to 64, and 15.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.5 years. The population consists of 52% females, and 48% males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $108,995, and the median income for a family was $118,750.

