==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 1344
|1970= 1425
|1980= 1412
|1990= 1087
|2000= 1044
|2010= 1098
|2020= 1211
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 4, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 1,098 people, 459 households, and 301 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1525.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 534 housing units at an average density of {{convert|741.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 55.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 35.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.7% of the population.

There were 459 households, of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were married couples living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.4% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the town was 41.6 years. 24.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 1,044 people, 448 households, and 305 families living in the town. The population density was 1,532.5 people per square mile (592.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 499 housing units at an average density of 732.5 per square mile (283.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 64.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 29.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.48% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.78% of the population.

There were 448 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were married couples living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 20.7% from 25 to 44, 29.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,391, and the median income for a family was $45,066. Males had a median income of $38,000 versus $22,500 for females. The per capita income for the town was $18,791. About 6.7% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.9% of those under age 18 and 11.0% of those age 65 or over.

