==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 234
|1950= 309
|1960= 361
|1970= 315
|1980= 294
|1990= 265
|2000= 249
|2010= 267
|2020= 211
|estyear=2022
|estimate=214
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=April 10, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=April 10, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 267 people, 117 households, and 69 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|197.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 152 housing units at an average density of {{convert|112.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 80.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 18.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% from two or more races.

There were 117 households, of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.0% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 42.1 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 31.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 249 people, 112 households, and 70 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|185.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 135 housing units at an average density of {{convert|100.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 84.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 13.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.40% of the population. 16.2% were of [[finns|Finnish]], 15.7% [[Irish people|Irish]], 13.0% [[germans|German]], 9.2% [[norwegians|Norwegian]], 6.5% [[swedish people|Swedish]] and 5.4% [[United States|American]] ancestry.

There were 112 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 20.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,222, and the median income for a family was $38,571. Males had a median income of $32,292 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,776. About 12.9% of families and 16.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 33.3% of those 65 or over.

