==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 5227
|1950= 6159
|1960= 9047
|1970= 9304
|1980= 9480
|1990= 8761
|2000= 8437
|2010= 7862
|2020= 7630
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 8,437 people, 3,678 households, and 2,390 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,265.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,821 housing units at an average density of {{convert|573.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 97.20% White, 1.86% African American, 0.01% Native American, 0.36% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.12% from other races, and 0.44% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.40% of the population.

There were 3,678 households, out of which 22.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 17.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $38,046, and the median income for a family was $47,019. Males had a median income of $37,761 versus $27,378 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $20,775. About 4.0% of families and 5.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.1% of those under age 18 and 3.4% of those age 65 or over.

