==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 378
|1950= 458
|1960= 436
|1970= 461
|1980= 454
|1990= 421
|2000= 363
|2010= 342
|2020= 313
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the census of 2020, there were 313 people living in Beulah.<ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Search Results |url=https://www.census.gov/search-results.html |access-date=2024-07-27 |website=The United States Census Bureau |language=EN-US}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 342 people, 161 households, and 81 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|795.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 375 housing units at an average density of {{convert|872.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 161 households, of which 12.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 49.7% were non-families. 43.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.81 and the average family size was 2.44.

The median age in the village was 52.7 years. 10.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.6% were from 25 to 44; 37.2% were from 45 to 64; and 24.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 341 people, 190 households, and 102 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|798.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 359 housing units at an average density of {{convert|789.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 98.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.65% of the population.

There were 190 households, out of which 17.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.3% were non-families. 39.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.91 and the average family size was 2.49.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 14.3% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 28.1% from 45 to 64, and 27.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $26,458 versus $22,396 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $22,389.  About 12.4% of families and 17.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of those under age 18 and 15.5% of those age 65 or over.

