==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 246
|1860= 298
|1870= 306
|1880= 384
|1900= 375
|1910= 376
|1920= 369
|1930= 407
|1940= 436
|1950= 515
|1960= 569
|1970= 539
|1980= 498
|1990= 545
|2000= 510
|2010= 473
|2020= 451
|estyear=2023
|estimate=458
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 473 people, 175 households, and 133 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1525.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 197 housing units at an average density of {{convert|635.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 175 households, of which 40.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 36 years. 27.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.6% male and 48.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 510 people, 189 households, and 144 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,651.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 207 housing units at an average density of {{convert|670.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.59% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.78% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.59% of the population.

There were 189 households, out of which 37.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.3% were non-families. 20.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 17.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 103.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,583, and the median income for a family was $45,179. Males had a median income of $31,458 versus $26,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,538. About 6.8% of families and 9.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.8% of those under age 18 and 12.5% of those age 65 or over.

