==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 320
|1900= 336
|1910= 480
|1920= 651
|1930= 1081
|1940= 1084
|1950= 1132
|1960= 1288
|1970= 1213
|1980= 1147
|1990= 1088
|2000= 1465
|2010= 1425
|2020= 1586
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1532
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Walnut Cove racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3770780&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 21, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,083
| 68.28%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 358
| 22.57%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 9
| 0.57%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 3
| 0.19%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.06%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 85
| 5.36%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 47
| 2.96%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,586 people, 802 households, and 493 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,465 people, 585 households, and 374 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|608.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 636 housing units at an average density of {{convert|264.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 79.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 19.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.96% of the population.

There were 585 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 26.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,944, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $31,953 versus $24,871 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,117. About 8.3% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of those under age 18 and 17.8% of those age 65 or over.

