==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 323
|1880= 570
|1890= 743
|1900= 663
|1910= 804
|1920= 1082
|1930= 862
|1940= 831
|1950= 840
|1960= 833
|1970= 904
|1980= 927
|1990= 910
|2000= 989
|2010= 975
|2020= 936
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 975 people, 394 households, and 251 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|937.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 429 housing units at an average density of {{convert|412.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 394 households, of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.3% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the town was 39.2 years. 23.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 15.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 989 people, 372 households, and 265 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,163.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 409 housing units at an average density of {{convert|481.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.51% of the population.

There were 372 households, out of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.5% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $31,563 versus $20,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,827. About 10.6% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.8% of those under age 18 and 5.7% of those age 65 or over.

