==Demographics==
|2020= 2219
{{US Census population
|2000=1796
|2010=2209
|2020=2219
|float=
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<br/>2010<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Crimora CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US5120240&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Crimora CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US5120240&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
|align=left}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,796 people, 724 households, and 516 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 584.3 people per square mile (225.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 761 housing units at an average density of 247.6/sq&nbsp;mi (95.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.84% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.78% of the population.

There were 724 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.7% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $30,430, and the median income for a family was $35,650. Males had a median income of $27,350 versus $17,476 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,864. About 9.5% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.9% of those under age 18 and 9.7% of those age 65 or over.

