==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 4267
|2010= 4842
|2020= 5622
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/extoncdppennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the 2020 U.S. census, the racial makeup of the CDP was 62.5% White non-Hispanic, 3.8% Black of African American, 31.5% Asian, 0.9% two or more races, and 1.3% were Hispanic or Latino.<ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020 Racial Makeup |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/extoncdppennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 4,267 people, 2,053 households, and 1,096 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,341.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,128 housing units at an average density of {{convert|669.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.12% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.87% of the population.

There were 2,053 households, out of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.6% were non-families. Of all households 37.5% were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the CDP, the age distribution was: 17.9% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 43.3% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $68,240, and the median income for a family was $81,499. Males had a median income of $65,789 versus $42,778 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $38,589. About 1.5% of families and 2.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.1% of those under age 18 and 10.1% of those age 65 or over.

