==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 6251
|2010= 6221
|2020= 6767
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 6,767 people, 2,531 households.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 6,221 people.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 6,251 people, 2,200 households, and 1,766 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 335.0 people per square mile (129.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 2,263 housing units at an average density of 121.3/sq mi (46.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.82% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.91% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.62% of the population.

There were 2,200 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.7% were non-families. 14.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 30.4% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 105.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $75,334, and the median income for a family was $80,127. Males had a median income of $53,942 versus $40,433 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $32,067. About 1.4% of families and 2.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.8% of those under age 18 and 4.9% of those age 65 or over.

