==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 991
|1930= 611
|1940= 459
|1950= 402
|1960= 352
|1970= 304
|1980= 406
|1990= 359
|2000= 307
|2010= 304
|2020= 317
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 307 people, 123 households, and 79 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|592.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|254.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.65% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.98% of the population.

There were 123 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $40,455 versus $15,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,901. About 13.5% of families and 22.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.2% of those 65 or over.

Coalton became significant during the early to mid-twentieth century with its shaft mining operations, hence its village name.

