==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 135
|1940= 127
|1950= 140
|1960= 153
|1970= 111
|1980= 121
|1990= 63
|2000= 81
|2010= 100
|2020= 76
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 100 people, 39 households, and 28 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1000.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|440.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 39 households, of which 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.2% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the town was 32 years. 32% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29% were from 25 to 44; 18% were from 45 to 64; and 14% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 81 people, 30 households, and 21 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|935.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|358.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.70% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 30 households, out of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.32.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.9% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 34.6% from 25 to 44, 17.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,625, and the median income for a family was $50,313. Males had a median income of $36,458 versus $35,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,993. There were no families and 6.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 30.8% of those over 64.

