==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1830= 154
|1880= 835
|1890= 842
|1900= 790
|1910= 870
|1920= 907
|1930= 925
|1940= 989
|1950= 1046
|1960= 1679
|1970= 1692
|1980= 1709
|1990= 1801
|2000= 1623
|2010= 1629
|2020= 1494
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,629 people, 715 households, and 431 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2201.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 788 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1064.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 715 households, of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.7% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the village was 36.7 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 14.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,623 people, 692 households, and 446 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,272.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 744 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,041.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.12% of the population.

There were 692 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 93.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,726, and the median income for a family was $36,402. Males had a median income of $27,870 versus $21,731 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,422. About 8.2% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.8% of those under age 18 and 4.0% of those age 65 or over.

