==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 100
| 1920 = 586
| 1930 = 625
| 1940 = 595
| 1950 = 787
| 1960 = 1019
| 1970 = 1547
| 1980 = 2218
| 1990 = 3101
| 2000 = 3463
| 2010 = 3768
| 2020 = 3803
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $60,848, and the median income for a family was $70,938. Males had a median income of $46,970 versus $30,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $26,540. About 1.3% of families and 1.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.9% of those under age 18 and 5.7% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,768 people, 1,471 households, and 1,048 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2400.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,552 housing units at an average density of {{convert|988.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 1,471 households, of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.8% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the village was 38.9 years. 26% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.1% were from 25 to 44; 29.6% were from 45 to 64; and 10.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

