==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2020= 162
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 309 people, 123 households, and 86 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|6.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 153 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 92% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2% from two or more races.  14% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 123 households, out of which 29% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29% were non-families. 24% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.5 and the average family size was 3.0.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27% under the age of 18, 4% from 18 to 24, 25% from 25 to 44, 32% from 45 to 64, and 13% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 116 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $64,167, and the median income for a family was $66,250. Males had a median income of $38,500 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $27,909.  About 10% of families and 13% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21% of those under the age of eighteen and 7% of those 65 or over.

