==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 802
|1890= 778
|1900= 751
|1910= 823
|1920= 890
|1930= 745
|1940= 696
|1950= 657
|1960= 494
|1970= 457
|1980= 418
|1990= 378
|2000= 360
|2010= 329
|2020= 259
|estyear=2021
|estimate=274
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> there were 329 people, 134 households and 101 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|416.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 155 housing units at an average density of {{convert|196.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 134 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.6% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the town was 41.4 years. 19.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 360 people, 131 households and 99 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 456.9 per square mile (175.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 155 housing units at an average density of 196.7 per square mile (75.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.83% of the population.

There were 131 households, of which 42.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.7% were non-families. 19.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.13.

29.2% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.

The [[median household income]] was $24,063 and the median family income was $24,688. Males had a median income of $26,250 compared with $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,952. About 28.6% of families and 27.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.5% of those under age 18 and 12.5% of those age 65 or over.

