==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 589
|1930= 633
|1940= 596
|1950= 743
|1960= 954
|1970= 827
|1980= 835
|1990= 740
|2000= 703
|2010= 598
|2020= 605
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 598 people, 276 households, and 161 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1359.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 337 housing units at an average density of {{convert|765.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 276 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.7% were non-families. 39.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the town was 47.5 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.7% were from 25 to 44; 31.6% were from 45 to 64; and 20.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 703 people, 296 households, and 179 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,588.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 371 housing units at an average density of {{convert|838.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.84% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.71% of the population.

There were 296 households, out of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.2% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 16.8% from 25 to 44, 28.7% from 45 to 64, and 27.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females there were 90.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,523, and the median income for a family was $35,417. Males had a median income of $23,000 versus $17,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,801. About 10.2% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.7% of those under age 18 and 11.0% of those age 65 or over.

