==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 292
| 1920 = 1589
| 1930 = 338
| 1940 = 170
| 1950 = 292
| 1960 = 231
| 1970 = 258
| 1980 = 373
| 1990 = 340
| 2000 = 329
| 2010 = 315
| 2020 = 352
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 364
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br />2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 329 people, 127 households, and 91 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|391.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 144 housing units at an average density of {{convert|171.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 97.57% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.61% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.91% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.61% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 0.30% from two or more races.  2.43% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 127 households, out of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,000, and the median income for a family was $47,750. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $21,429 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,574.  About 11.0% of families and 18.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.1% of those under age 18 and 22.2% of those age 65 or over.

