==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 137
|1890= 146
|1900= 134
|1910= 122
|1920= 190
|1930= 184
|1940= 182
|1950= 257
|1960= 240
|1970= 210
|1980= 189
|1990= 159
|2000= 177
|2010= 138
|2020= 150
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | url = https://www.census.gov | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | accessdate = December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 138 people, 60 households, and 41 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|657.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|319.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 60 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.7% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the town was 42 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 19.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 177 people, 67 households, and 52 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|838.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 70 housing units at an average density of {{convert|331.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.56% of the population.

There were 67 households, out of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.9% were non-families. 17.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 34.5% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $50,625, and the median income for a family was $46,875. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $20,179 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,852. None of the families and 2.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

