==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 6531
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 6,471 people, 2,558 households, and 1,826 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,112.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,755 housing units at an average density of {{convert|473.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.45% of the population.

There were 2,558 households, out of which 33.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,970 in 2000.  In 2005, it was $34,400 compared with the state average of $43,493. The median income for a family was $41,200. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $22,472 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,787. About 10.7% of families and 14.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.5% of those under age 18 and 6.6% of those age 65 or over.

