==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 84
|1940= 98
|1950= 125
|1960= 320
|1970= 280
|1980= 281
|1990= 297
|2000= 260
|2010= 221
|2020= 250
|estyear=2023
|estimate=245
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 221 people, 97 households, and 67 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|690.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|353.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 97 households, of which 18.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.9% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the village was 56.4 years. 16.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.8% were from 25 to 44; 35.8% were from 45 to 64; and 30.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.0% male and 48.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 260 people, 107 households, and 86 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|809.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|358.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 250 Whites, one African American, eight Asian Americans, two Hispanics and one mixed race resident.

There were 107 households, out of which 25.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.7% were non-families. 16.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.4% under the age of 18, 1.9% from 18 to 24, 16.5% from 25 to 44, 40.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females there were 88.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $108,257, and the median income for a family was $120,559. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $39,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $65,910. About 3.4% of families and 3.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.4% of those 65 or over.

