==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align=left
| 1910= 216
| 1920= 354
| 1930= 296
| 1940= 348
| 1950= 362
| 1960= 338
| 1970= 374
| 1980= 341
| 1990= 306
| 2000= 420
| 2010= 469
| 2020= 507
| footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> there were 469 people, 190 households, and 124 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|551.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 218 housing units at an average density of {{convert|256.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 190 households, of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.7% were non-families. Of all households, 26.8% were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the city was 36.1 years. 26% of residents were under the age of 18, 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24, 26.2% were from 25 to 44, 21.4% were from 45 to 64, and 17.1% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 420 people, 167 households, and 106 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|655.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 181 housing units at an average density of {{convert|282.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.95% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.48% of the population.

There were 167 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. Of all households, 28.1% were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 11.7% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.6% who were 65 or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $34,792. Males had a median income of $25,962 versus $18,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,291. About 6.2% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of those under 18 and 3.1% of those aged 65 or over.

