==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 340
|1970= 610
|1980= 911
|1990= 801
|2000= 786
|2010= 896
|2020= 910
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2014|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 3, 2014 }}</ref>
}}

As of the 2010 census, Geraldine had a population of 896. The racial and ethnic composition of the population was 92.5% non-Hispanic white, 0.3% black or African American, 3.7% Native American, 0.7% from some other race, 1.8% from two or more races (1.6% of whom reported Native American as one of their races) and 2.0% Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref>2010 profile of population and housing characteristics of Geraldine</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 786 people, 351 households, and 230 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|202.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 394 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.96% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.15% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 0.89% from two or more races. 0.38% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 351 households, out of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,028, and the median income for a family was $34,583. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $20,179 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,330. About 12.1% of families and 17.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.4% of those under age 18 and 20.3% of those age 65 or over.

