==Demographics==

===2010 census===
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 196
| 1930 = 191
| 1940 = 254
| 1950 = 244
| 1960 = 221
| 1970 = 236
| 1980 = 319
| 1990 = 261
| 2000 = 353
| 2010 = 288
| 2020 = 345
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 288 people, 138 households, and 92 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|76.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 654 housing units at an average density of {{convert|172.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 138 households, of which 17.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.52.

The median age in the village was 58.8 years. 14.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.7% were from 25 to 44; 33% were from 45 to 64; and 33% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 353 people, 161 households, and 112 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 90.6 people per square mile (34.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 771 housing units at an average density of 197.8 per square mile (76.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.28% of the population.

There were 161 households, out of which 18.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.62.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.0% under the age of 18, 2.5% from 18 to 24, 17.6% from 25 to 44, 32.9% from 45 to 64, and 28.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $52,500, and the median income for a family was $60,227. Males had a median income of $37,813 versus $31,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $30,579. About 2.7% of families and 5.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.8% of those under age 18 and 3.2% of those age 65 or over.

