==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 278
|1910= 387
|1920= 360
|1930= 354
|1940= 305
|1950= 332
|1960= 313
|1970= 328
|1980= 341
|1990= 333
|2000= 322
|2010= 321
|2020= 319
|estyear=2021
|estimate=325
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> 2010, there were 321 people, 145 households and 89 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1888.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 169 housing units at an average density of {{convert|994.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 145 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.6% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age was 44.4 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.3% were from 25 to 44; 31.1% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The sex makeup of the village was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 322 people, 159 households and 86 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,854.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 175 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,008.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.24% of the population.

There were 159 households, of which 20.8% had children under the age of 18, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.3% were non-families. 42.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.80.

18.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 19.6% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 31.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.2 males.

The [[median household income]] was $28,594 and the median family income was $34,545. Males had a median income of $29,750 and females $18,750. The [[per capita income]] was $18,204. About 2.2% of families and 6.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 20.8% of those age 65 or over.

