==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 200
|1890= 189
|1900= 151
|1910= 148
|1920= 124
|1930= 83
|1940= 92
|1950= 77
|1960= 63
|1970= 102
|1980= 111
|1990= 87
|2000= 86
|2010= 96
|2020= 89
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 96 people, 36 households, and 30 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|218.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|88.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 36 households, of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 16.7% were non-families. 11.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the village was 45 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 21.9% were from 45 to 64; and 28.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 86 people, 37 households, and 26 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|204.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|90.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 37 households, out of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 2.3% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 31.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $41,875, and the median income for a family was $46,563. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $16,806 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,394. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

