==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 243
|1910= 392
|1920= 372
|1930= 260
|1940= 223
|1950= 220
|1960= 153
|1970= 119
|1980= 138
|1990= 105
|2000= 124
|2010= 143
|2020= 139
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 143 people, 52 households, and 37 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|376.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|160.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 52 households, of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.8% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.38.

The median age in the town was 31.8 years. 36.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.1% were from 25 to 44; 21.7% were from 45 to 64; and 9.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 44.8% male and 55.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 124 people, 47 households, and 33 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|324.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|133.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.81% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.03% of the population.

There were 47 households, out of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.7% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.1% under the age of 18, 2.4% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,250, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,140. There were 6.7% of families and 9.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of under eighteens and 16.7% of those over 64.

