==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 174
| 1930 = 137
| 1940 = 140
| 1950 = 91
| 1960 = 75
| 1970 = 69
| 1980 = 83
| 1990 = 108
| 2000 = 93
| 2010 = 92
| 2020 = 100
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 92 people, 41 households, and 22 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|164.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|83.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]].

There were 41 households, of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.3% were non-families. 43.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the village was 36.8 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.2% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 93 people, 44 households, and 23 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 164.7 people per square mile (64.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 47 housing units at an average density of 83.2 per square mile (32.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 95.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.08% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 3.23% from two or more races.

There were 44 households, out of which 15.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.7% were non-families. 43.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.4% under the age of 18, 11.8% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 21.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $20,250, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $65,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,280. There were 16.7% of families and 16.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 40.0% of under eighteens and 30.8% of those over 64.

