==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 768
|1950= 781
|1960= 940
|1970= 925
|1980= 877
|1990= 778
|2000= 788
|2010= 842
|2020= 768
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 842 people, 333 households, and 210 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1503.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 369 housing units at an average density of {{convert|658.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 48.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 42.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 8.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.2% of the population.

There were 333 households, of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.9% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.18.

The median age in the town was 35 years. 30.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.6% were from 45 to 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 788 people, 307 households, and 194 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,509.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 328 housing units at an average density of {{convert|628.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 52.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 44.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.19% of the population.

There were 307 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.8% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.1% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 84.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,682, and the median income for a family was $34,250. Males had a median income of $30,804 versus $24,844 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,336. About 15.5% of families and 19.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.2% of those under age 18 and 17.6% of those age 65 or over.

