==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1880= 478
|1890= 663
|1900= 518
|1910= 1252
|1920= 1401
|1930= 1458
|1940= 1493
|1950= 1489
|1960= 1225
|1970= 1278
|1980= 1375
|1990= 1152
|2000= 1091
|2010= 1184
|2020= 975
|estyear=2021
|estimate=966
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url= https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |website=Census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url= https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,184 people, 518 households, and 315 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1330.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 602 housing units at an average density of {{convert|676.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 518 households, of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.2% were married couples living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.2% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the town was 42.8 years. 20.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,091 people, 481 households, and 305 families living in the town. The population density was 1,214.5 inhabitants per square mile (468.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 586 housing units at an average density of 652.3 per square mile (251.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 90.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.10% of the population.

There were 481 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were married couples living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,043, and the median income for a family was $29,028. Males had a median income of $31,000 versus $20,938 for females. The per capita income for the town was $14,474. About 17.8% of families and 22.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 35.7% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those aged 65 or over.

