==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = US Decennial Census<ref name="GR1">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/time-series/geo/gazetteer-files.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-04-23|date=2011-02-12|title=US Gazetteer files: 2010, 2000, and 1990}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Naselle, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Naselle%20CDP,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 12, 2024}}</ref>
| 2000 = 377
| 2010 = 419
| 2020 = 421
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 377 people, 160 households, and 110 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 164.6 people per square mile (63.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 184 housing units at an average density of 80.3/sq&nbsp;mi (31.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.53% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.53% of the population. 33.2% were of [[Finnish Americans|Finnish]], 10.0% [[German Americans|German]], 7.9% [[Irish Americans|Irish]] and 7.5% [[American ancestry]] according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 160 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 22.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $35,769, and the median income for a family was $40,250. Males had a median income of $36,875 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,714. About 4.0% of families and 4.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.5% of those under age 18 and 2.1% of those age 65 or over.

