==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1890 = 282
| 1900 = 225
| 1910 = 249
| 1920 = 326
| 1930 = 279
| 1940 = 309
| 1950 = 263
| 1960 = 236
| 1970 = 204
| 1980 = 255
| 1990 = 228
| 2000 = 311
| 2010 = 355
| 2020 = 442
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 311 people, 125 households, and 96 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 692.0 people per square mile (266.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 155 housing units at an average density of 344.9 per square mile (133.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 95.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.61% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.50% of the population.

There were 125 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.4% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 19.3% from 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,375, and the median income for a family was $38,906. Males had a median income of $25,938 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,773. About 10.0% of families and 40% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20% under age 18 and 38% of those age 65 or over.

