==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 437
|1970= 671
|1980= 679
|1990= 685
|2000= 700
|2010= 686
|2020= 843
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 686 people, 265 households, and 157 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|9800.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}, making it the most densely populated city in Minnesota. There were 285 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4071.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 69.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 16.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 25.8% of the population.

There were 265 households, of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 14.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.8% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.23.

The median age in the city was 35 years. 28.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 8.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 700 people, 292 households, and 167 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|8,996.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 300 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3,855.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.71% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.86% of the population.

There were 292 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 29.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.8% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 34.0% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,136, and the median income for a family was $35,893. Males had a median income of $28,375 versus $25,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,588. About 20.1% of families and 19.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.6% of those under age 18 and 17.2% of those age 65 or over.

