==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 221
|1920= 265
|1930= 184
|1940= 188
|1950= 250
|1960= 302
|1970= 311
|1980= 272
|1990= 394
|2000= 443
|2010= 466
|2020= 476
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 14, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 466 people, 174 households, and 118 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|512.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 192 housing units at an average density of {{convert|211.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 174 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.2% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the city was 34.3 years. 23.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 33.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 6.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.5% male and 45.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 443 people, 149 households, and 108 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|514.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 155 housing units at an average density of {{convert|179.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.26% of the population.

There were 149 households, out of which 47.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.5% were non-families. 18.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.97 and the average family size was 3.46.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 36.1% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 39.7% from 25 to 44, 13.3% from 45 to 64, and 3.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 121.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $45,125, and the median income for a family was $50,500. Males had a median income of $36,406 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,399. About 4.5% of families and 6.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.0% of those under age 18 and 9.1% of those age 65 or over.

