==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 239
|2000= 310
|2010= 320
|2020= 675
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|newspaper=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 310 people, 145 households, and 95 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|46.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,868 housing units at an average density of {{convert|280.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.42% [[White American|White]], and 2.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics or Latinos]] of any race were 0.97% of the population.

There were 145 households, out of which 15.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together and 33.8% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.45.

The age distribution was 12.6% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 33.9% from 45 to 64, and 22.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $47,500, and the median income for a family was $52,813. Males had a median income of $32,031 versus $22,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $26,799. About 2.8% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty-five or over.

