==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 320
|1880= 321
|1900= 242
|1910= 214
|1920= 229
|1930= 252
|1940= 233
|1950= 173
|1960= 172
|1970= 133
|1980= 126
|1990= 115
|2000= 108
|2010= 103
|2020= 83
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 103 people, 46 households, and 32 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|542.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|305.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.9% of the population.

There were 46 households, of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.4% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the village was 46.8 years. 16.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.4% were from 25 to 44; 33% were from 45 to 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.4% male and 45.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 108 people, 48 households, and 27 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|562.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 64 housing units at an average density of {{convert|333.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.93% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.93% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.63% of the population.

There were 48 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.8% were non-families. 39.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the town the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 30.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $39,688, and the median income for a family was $50,313. Males had a median income of $27,813 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $40,768. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

