==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1880= 199
|1890= 209
|1900= 217
|1910= 238
|1920= 222
|1930= 219
|1940= 265
|1950= 298
|1960= 349
|1970= 424
|1980= 491
|1990= 581
|2000= 546
|2010= 632
|2020= 608
|estyear=2021
|estimate=607
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 546 people, 207 households, and 162 families living in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|234.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 215 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 99.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.37% from two or more races.

There were 207 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 66.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.3% were non-families. 15.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 23.4% under the age of eighteen, 7.0% from eighteen to twenty-four, 33.3% from twenty-five to forty-four, 25.1% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 11.2% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-seven years.

For every one hundred females there were 106.0 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 101.9 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $45,625, and the median income for a family was $47,917. Males had a median income of $33,523 compared with that of $23,583 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $19,934.

Roughly 3.6% of families and 4.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 7.5% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 9.5% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

