==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 197
|1900= 1059
|1910= 1655
|1920= 2536
|1930= 4623
|1940= 5100
|1950= 5834
|1960= 6596
|1970= 7250
|1980= 6593
|1990= 6764
|2000= 6594
|2010= 6454
|2020= 6427
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/prospectparkboroughpennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref>
}}
As of Census 2010, the racial makeup of the borough was 92.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population [http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_PL_GCTPL2.ST13&prodType=table]{{dead link|date=January 2025|bot=medic}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 6,594 people, 2,577 households, and 1,600 families residing in the borough.  The population density was {{convert|8,859.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 2,683 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3,604.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the borough was 95.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.38% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.74% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.91% of the population.

There were 2,577 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.9% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 32.4% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years.  For every 100 females, there were 92.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.9 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $45,244, and the median income for a family was $51,966. Males had a median income of $38,914 versus $30,717 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $19,801.  There are 3.6% of families living below the [[poverty line]] and 4.3% of the population, including 2.6% of under eighteens and 12.1% of those over 64.

