==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 942
|1980= 585
|1990= 558
|2000= 956
|2010= 762
|2020= 548
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020===
As of the [[census]]<ref name=wwwcensusgov>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 9, 2024}}</ref>
of 2020, there were 548 people, and 259 households in the village. The [[population density]]
was {{convert|517.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 218 housing units at an average density of {{convert|205.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}.
The racial makeup of the village was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]],
0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]],
0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]]
or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/> of 2010, there were 762 people, 201 households, and 151 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|725.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 215 housing units at an average density of {{convert|204.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 83.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 8.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.9% of the population.

There were 201 households, of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.9% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the village was 26.8 years. 39.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.4% were from 25 to 44; 16.6% were from 45 to 64; and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 63.5% male and 36.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/> of 2000, there were 956 people, 199 households, and 141 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 902.0 people per square mile (348.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 206 housing units at an average density of 194.4 per square mile (75.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 84.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.42% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.74% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.37% of the population.

There were 199 households, out of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. 25.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.6% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 16.0% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 25.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 149.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $50,104, and the median income for a family was $53,333. Males had a median income of $42,031 versus $23,462 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,631. About 4.8% of families and 35.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.2% of those under age 18 and 45.2% of those age 65 or over.

