==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 221
|1880= 227
|1890= 291
|1900= 257
|1910= 246
|1920= 209
|1930= 201
|1940= 228
|1950= 252
|1960= 283
|1970= 289
|1980= 299
|1990= 229
|2000= 268
|2010= 302
|2020= 304
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 302 people, 107 households, and 81 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1258.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|500.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.3% from two or more races.

There were 107 households, of which 44.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.3% were non-families. 16.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the village was 32.3 years. 30.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.9% were from 25 to 44; 22.9% were from 45 to 64; and 5.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 268 people, 90 households, and 74 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,183.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|454.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.75% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.24% from two or more races.

There were 90 households, out of which 52.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.7% were non-families. 14.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 34.7% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 33.6% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 3.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $45,875. Males had a median income of $31,563 versus $25,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,864. About 12.7% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 66.7% of those 65 or over.

