==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 556
|2010= 728
|2020= 458
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 556 people, 207 households, and 150 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|37.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 309 housing units at an average density of {{convert|20.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 84.0% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 12.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races.  [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race were 44.2% of the population.

There were 207 households, out of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.5% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 22.3% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 22.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $20,870, and the median income for a family was $25,208. Males had a median income of $27,153 versus $15,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,674.  About 25.1% of families and 31.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of those under age 18 and 2.7% of those age 65 or over.

