==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 600
|1910= 650
|1920= 420
|1930= 355
|1940= 315
|1950= 300
|1960= 280
|1970= 230
|1980= 175
|1990= 200
|2000= 255
|2010= 212
|2020= 199
|footnote=Census sources 1900−1990;<ref>{{cite book|last=Moffat|first=Riley|title=Population History of Western U.S. Cities and Towns 1850−1990|page=127|publisher=The Scarecrow Press|location=Lanham, Maryland|year=1996|isbn=0-8108-3033-7}}</ref> 2000−2020<ref name="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 255&nbsp;people, 113&nbsp;households, and 69&nbsp;families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was about 20&nbsp;people per square mile (8/km<sup>2</sup>). The CDP contained 146&nbsp;housing units. Basin's racial makeup was about 95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and about 4% other. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] persons of any race were 2% of the population. The population decreased to 212 by 2010 and to 199 as of the census of 2020.<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=August 22, 2013 }}</ref>

In 2000, 29% of the households included children under the age of 18; 51% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39% were non-families. 33% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.93.<ref name="wwwcensusgov"/>

The population was spread out in 2000, with 27% under the age of 18, 5% from 18 to 24, 29% from 25 to 44, 31% from 45 to 64, and 8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 95 males.<ref name="wwwcensusgov"/>

The median income for a household in 2000 for the CDP was $22,500, and the median income for a family was about $30,000. Males had a median income of $26,000 versus $16,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,000. About 23% of families and 33% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 56% of those under the age of 18 and 17% of those 65 or over. By 2020, the median household income had risen to $49,000.<ref name="wwwcensusgov"/>

