==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 435
|2000= 588
|2010= 528
|2020= 550
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 528 people, 243 households, and 159 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|187.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 716 housing units at an average density of {{convert|254.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 243 households, of which 16.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.6% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.60.

The median age in the village was 56 years. 12.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.3% were from 25 to 44; 37.5% were from 45 to 64; and 29.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 588 people, 253 households, and 193 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|210.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 463 housing units at an average density of {{convert|165.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] persons of any race were 2.38% of the population.

There were 253 households, out of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.7% were non-families. 18.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.61.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 17.2% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 32.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,727, and the median income for a family was $42,250. Males had a median income of $31,429 versus $20,156 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,987. About 2.2% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 2.1% of those age 65 or over.

