==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1820= 418
|1880= 510
|1890= 595
|1900= 668
|1910= 672
|1920= 616
|1930= 790
|1940= 792
|1950= 913
|1960= 1037
|1970= 1086
|1980= 1054
|1990= 1175
|2000= 1365
|2010= 1521
|2020= 1542
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2010 United States census|census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of {{As of|2000|lc=y|bare=y}}, there were 1,365 people, 557 households, and 387 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,962.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 588 housing units at an average density of {{convert|845.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 97.44% White, 0.51% African American, 0.15% Native American, 0.29% Asian, 0.88% from other races, and 0.73% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.86% of the population.

There were 557 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 32.0% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $38,819, and the median income for a family was $43,646. Males had a median income of $34,659 versus $21,971 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $19,818. About 5.7% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.5% of those under age 18 and 5.2% of those age 65 or over.

