==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1960 = 104
| 1970 = 42
| 1980 = 93
| 1990 = 59
| 2000 = 76
| 2010 = 74
| 2020 = 78
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 74 people, 41 households, and 22 families in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|462.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|318.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup was 86.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.5% of the population.

There were 41 households, of which 9.8% had children under 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.3% were non-families. 41.5% of all households comprised individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 1.80 and the average family size was 2.36.

The median age was 58.5 years. 9.5% of residents were under 18; 1.4% were between 18 and 24; 16.3% were from 25 to 44; 39.2% were from 45 to 64; and 33.8% were 65 or older. The gender makeup was 58.1% male and 41.9% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 76 people, 36 households, and 19 families in the city. The population density was {{convert|378.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|229.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 90.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.63% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.53% of the population.

There were 36 households, of which 22.2% had children under 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.2% were non-families. 38.9% of all households comprised individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.74.

23.7% of the population were under 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 36.8% from 45 to 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 123.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $17,250, and the median family income was $31,250. Males had a median income of $35,625 and females $22,500. The [[per capita income]] was $11,889. There were 25.0% of families and 30.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 45.8% of under eighteens and none over 64.

