==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 2430
|1970= 2705
|1980= 2222
|1990= 2029
|2000= 1938
|2010= 1699
|2020= 1768
|estyear=2023
|estimate=1743
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 Census===
As of the census of 2020, there were 1,768 people living in the village, for a population density of 2,269.58 people per square mile (876.83/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 774 housing units. The racial makeup of the village was 88.5% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.5% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.8% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 5.8% from two or more races. 3.4% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Fairfax village, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Fairfax_village,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3925942 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 15, 2023}}</ref>

There were 994 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 41.8% had a female householder with no spouse present. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16, and the average family size was 2.91.<ref name="2020 census"/>

22.6% of the village's population were under the age of 18, 62.9% were 18 to 64, and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.1. For every 100 females, there were 69.2 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the village was $68,712, and the median income for a family was $90,670. About 4.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 4.7% of those under age 18 and 5.1% of those age 65 or over. About 72.9% of the population were employed, and 50.1% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

===2010 Census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 1,699 people, 709 households, and 455 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2235.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 778 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1023.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 94.8% White, 2.4% African American, 0.3% Native American, 0.8% Asian, 0.1% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.3%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref>

Of the 709 households, 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were married couples living together, 16.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.8% were non-families. 29.5% of households were one person and 9.8% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the village was 37.7 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.6% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 11.4% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

