==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 358
| 1890 = 432
| 1900 = 549
| 1910 = 538
| 1920 = 730
| 1930 = 769
| 1940 = 775
| 1950 = 919
| 1960 = 1161
| 1970 = 1216
| 1980 = 1612
| 1990 = 2340
| 2000 = 3901
| 2010 = 5068
| 2020 = 5992
| estyear = 2022
| estimate = 6294
|estref={{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 5,068 people, 2,029 households, and 1,390 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|958.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,182 housing units at an average density of {{convert|412.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 2,029 households, of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.5% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the village was 37.2 years. 26.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 10.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,901 people, 1,562 households, and 1,040 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,046.8 people per square mile (403.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,607 housing units at an average density of 431.2 per square mile (166.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.38% of the population.

There were 1,562 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.4% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 32.5% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $47,125, and the median income for a family was $55,607. Males had a median income of $40,783 versus $25,723 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,450. About 6.0% of families and 6.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.2% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.

