==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 83
| 1920 = 176
| 1930 = 223
| 1940 = 223
| 1950 = 234
| 1960 = 312
| 1970 = 376
| 1980 = 534
| 1990 = 610
| 2000 = 687
| 2010 = 875
| 2020 = 884
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]],<ref name=www.census.gov>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 9, 2024}}</ref> there were 884 people, 329 households, and 130 families living in the village. The [[population density]]
was {{convert|1473.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 375 housing units at an average density of {{convert|625.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}.
The racial makeup of the village was 86.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]],
0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]],
0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 6.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]]
or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.3% of the population

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 875 people, 337 households, and 235 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1458.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 360 housing units at an average density of {{convert|600.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.7% of the population.

There were 337 households, of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.3% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the village was 34.3 years. 25.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 23.6% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 687 people, 264 households, and 181 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,321.2 people per square mile (510.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 303 housing units at an average density of 582.7 per square mile (225.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.29% from two or more races. 4.22% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 264 households, out of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.4% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 17.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,579, and the median income for a family was $48,571. Males had a median income of $35,804 versus $22,031 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,614. About 3.4% of families and 4.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.5% of those under age 18 and 5.8% of those age 65 or over.

