==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 358
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 411 people, 170 households, and 109 families residing in the then-village. The population density was {{convert|252.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 188 housing units at an average density of {{convert|115.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.73% of the population.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

There were 170 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.93.<ref name="GR2" />

The population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.3 males.<ref name="GR2" />

The median income for a household was $28,594, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $24,583 versus $18,846 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $14,152. About 5.0% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.9% of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="GR2" />

