==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 161
|2020= 187
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 187 people, 98 households, and 71 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 91.1 inhabitants per square mile (35.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 512 housing units at an average density of 249.6 per square mile (96.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 96.3% [[White Americans|White]], 0.5% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from other races and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.5% of the population.

Of the 98 households, 12.2% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% were cohabitating couples, 16.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 10.2% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 27.6% of all households were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 66.1 years. 7.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.2% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 12.3% were from 25 and 44; 27.3% were from 45 and 64; and 50.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

