==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 480
|1880= 469
|1890= 471
|1900= 548
|1910= 546
|1920= 465
|1930= 471
|1940= 551
|1950= 525
|1960= 629
|1970= 899
|1980= 905
|1990= 795
|2000= 808
|2010= 828
|2020= 917
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 924
|estref= <ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the census of 2020, there were 917 people, 360 households, and 212 families living in the village. There were 444 housing units, 74.2% were owner-occupied, 25.8% were renter-occupied. The racial makeup of the village was 97.8% White, 1.0% African American, and 1.2% from some other race. (3 Native American, 5 Asian) The median Household income was $26,333.00. {{Citation needed|date=October 2021}}

There were 347 households, of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.6% were married couples living together, 35.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 19.4% had a male householder with no wife present. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals living alone, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.91.{{Citation needed|date=October 2021}}

The median age in the village was 42.4 years. 19.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.9% were from 25 to 44; 7.7% were from 45 to 54; 13.1% were from 55 to 64, 11.8% were from 65 to 74, and 10.6% were 75 years or older. The gender makeup of the village was 42.7% male and 57.3% female. There were 74.6 males for every 100 females.{{Citation needed|date=October 2021}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 828 people, 347 households, and 230 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|662.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 400 housing units at an average density of {{convert|320.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 347 households, of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.7% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the village was 40.8 years. 21.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 18.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 808 people, 352 households, and 222 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|649.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 400 housing units at an average density of {{convert|321.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.87% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.49% of the population.

There were 352 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.9% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,534, and the median income for a family was $42,750. Males had a median income of $30,750 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,047. About 8.3% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.6% of those under age 18 and 15.0% of those age 65 or over.

