==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 447
|1950= 431
|1960= 504
|1970= 415
|1980= 359
|1990= 392
|2000= 389
|2010= 316
|2020= 303
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 316 people, 149 households, and 92 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1019.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 172 housing units at an average density of {{convert|554.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.1% of the population.

There were 149 households, of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.3% were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the town was 48.9 years. 20.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.1% were from 25 to 44; 34.1% were from 45 to 64; and 23.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 389 people, 158 households, and 111 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,242.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 177 housing units at an average density of {{convert|565.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.51% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.83% of the population.

There were 158 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.99.

The age spread of the population is 27.5% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 90.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,063, and the median income for a family was $43,068. Males had a median income of $31,563 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,638. About 11.3% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.8% of those under age 18 and 2.5% of those age 65 or over.

