==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 223
| 1890 = 590
| 1900 = 625
| 1910 = 656
| 1920 = 843
| 1930 = 654
| 1940 = 674
| 1950 = 657
| 1960 = 483
| 1970 = 357
| 1980 = 612
| 1990 = 608
| 2000 = 733
| 2010 = 847
| 2020 = 802
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 733 people, 261 households, and 196 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 581.8 people per square mile (224.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 287 housing units at an average density of 227.8 per square mile (87.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 95.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.95% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.77% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.59% of the population.

There were 261 households, out of which 40.6% had children under 18 living with them, 59.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.9% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years or older. The average household size was 2.81, and the average family size was 3.33.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.4% under 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.9 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 85.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,917, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $30,208 versus $16,705 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,523. About 16.2% of families and 20.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.3% of those under age 18 and 10.2% of those aged 65 or over.

