==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 128
|1920= 134
|1930= 111
|1940= 129
|1950= 124
|1960= 108
|1970= 80
|1980= 78
|1990= 76
|2000= 84
|2010= 90
|2020= 57
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 90 people, 32 households, and 22 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1125.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|450.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 32 households, of which 43.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.3% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.50.

The median age in the village was 37 years. 28.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.6% male and 54.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 84 people, 32 households, and 23 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,094.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|456.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.19% of the population.

There were 32 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.1% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 9.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $28,333. Males had a median income of $20,750 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,887. There were 13.6% of families and 15.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 19.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

