==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 247
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=September 5, 2018 |title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 204 people, 134 households, and 33 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|146|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|119|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 134 households, out of which 9.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 13.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 75.4% were non-families. 64.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.52 and the average family size was 2.33.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 7.4% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 45.6% from 45 to 64, and 9.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47.6 years. For every 100 females, there were 102 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.7 males.

According to the 2016 [[American Community Survey]], the median income for a household in the CDP was $32,813. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $28,675. 20.5% of the population was living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 37.1% of those over 65.

