==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 343
| 1910 = 433
| 1920 = 609
| 1930 = 425
| 1940 = 513
| 1950 = 398
| 1960 = 450
| 1970 = 486
| 1980 = 608
| 1990 = 502
| 2000 = 585
| 2010 = 876
| 2020 = 772
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 807
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Dyer racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0520200&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=January 1, 2022|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 669
| 86.66%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 9
| 1.17%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 9
| 1.17%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 4
| 0.52%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 44
| 5.7%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 37
| 4.79%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 772 people, 277 households, and 211 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 585 people, 230 households, and 163 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|86.9|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 248 housing units at an average density of {{convert|36.8|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.24% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.17% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.20% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.85% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 1.54% from two or more races. 0.17% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 230 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.7% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,438, and the median income for a family was $28,500. Males had a median income of $28,523 versus $21,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,206. About 22.6% of families and 34.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 52.7% of those under age 18 and 32.1% of those age 65 or over.

