==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = US Decennial Census 2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Lebam, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Lebam%20CDP,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 12, 2024}}</ref>
| 2000 = 176
| 2010 = 160
| 2020 = 150
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 176 people, 77 households, and 43 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 120.2 people per square mile (46.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 82 housing units at an average density of 56.0/sq&nbsp;mi (21.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 84.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.82% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.41% from two or more races. 25.4% were of [[Germans|German]], 9.2% [[Polish people|Polish]], 9.2% [[Swiss (nationality)|Swiss]], and 6.9% [[English people|English]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]]

There were 77 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 20.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 125.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $45,313 versus $51,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,831. About 8.0% of families and 11.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.8% of those 65 or over. 23 of the current 160 residents carry the last name [[Friese]], which means they make up 14% of the current population. While 7 residents carry the last name Camenzind, or about 4 percent.

