==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 153
|1950= 144
|1960= 196
|1970= 127
|1980= 99
|1990= 82
|2000= 75
|2010= 80
|2020= 65
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 80 people, 36 households, and 20 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|421.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|242.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 36 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.4% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the town was 40.5 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 22.6% were from 45 to 64; and 21.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 75 people, 35 households, and 19 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|390.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|239.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.33% of the population.

There were 35 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.7% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 22.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 123.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,375, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,888. There were 17.6% of families and 15.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 38.1% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

