==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 121
|1940= 139
|1950= 144
|1960= 147
|1970= 132
|1980= 115
|1990= 98
|2000= 90
|2010= 87
|2020= 79
|estyear=2021
|estimate=77
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 24, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 24, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 87 people, 42 households, and 18 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|966.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|500.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.6% of the population.

There were 42 households, of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 57.1% were non-families. 45.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 3.22.

The median age in the city was 41.5 years. 19.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 19.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.6% male and 41.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 90 people, 44 households, and 20 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,001.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|489.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 44 households, out of which 20.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.3% were non-families. 45.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 150.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 133.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,941. There were 27.8% of families and 36.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 70.8% of under eighteens and 9.5% of those over 64.

