==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 162
|1920= 142
|1930= 214
|1980= 434
|1990= 366
|2000= 379
|2010= 408
|2020= 418
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Soso racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2869160&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=2022-06-07 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=18 May 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|266
|63.64%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|97
|23.21%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|0.24%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|1
|0.24%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|5
|1.2%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|48
|11.48%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''418'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 418 people, 163 households, and 130 families residing in the town.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 408 people, 160 households, and 116 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|189.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 174 housing units at an average density of {{convert|87.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 79.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 20.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 157 households, of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.5% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 19, 36.5% under the age of 50 and 33.8% over the age of 50

The data below is from the 2000 census.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,135, and the median income for a family was $31,346. Males had a median income of $19,231 versus $22,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,455. About 15.7% of families and 15.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.6% of those under age 18 and 21.3% of those age 65 or over.

