==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 106
|1980= 154
|1990= 507
|2000= 663
|2010= 945
|2020= 939
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 945 people, 457 households, and 241 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|171.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 549 housing units at an average density of {{convert|99.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 457 households, of which 17.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.3% were non-families. 40.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.52.

The median age in the city was 55.8 years. 14% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.6% were from 45 to 64; and 39.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 663 people, 299 households, and 156 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|126.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 329 housing units at an average density of {{convert|62.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.75% of the population.

There were 299 households, out of which 17.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.8% were non-families. 40.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.59.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 14.9% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 19.5% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 40.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,333, and the median income for a family was $35,357. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $19,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,023. About 8.6% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.3% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.

