==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1535
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 777 people, 300 households, and 204 families residing in the hamlet. The population density was {{convert|1,121.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 311 housing units at an average density of {{convert|448.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the hamlet was 95.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.82% of the population.

There were 300 households, out of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the hamlet the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the hamlet was $36,548, and the median income for a family was $51,375. Males had a median income of $50,526 versus $27,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the hamlet was $19,842. About 20.2% of families and 21.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.8% of those under age 18 and 38.0% of those age 65 or over.

In 1985, Verplanck, New York was picked for introduction of the Yugo Hatchback car into the U.S. market.

