==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 72
|1920= 118
|1930= 90
|1940= 84
|1950= 96
|1960= 74
|1970= 57
|1980= 43
|1990= 35
|2000= 41
|2010= 48
|2020= 34
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 48 people, 17 households, and 12 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|165.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 21 housing units at an average density of {{convert|72.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.2% from two or more races.

There were 17 households, of which 41.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.4% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.42.

The median age in the town was 40 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.2% were from 25 to 44; 22.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.1% male and 47.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 41 people, 18 households, and 9 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|144.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|77.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 87.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.88% from two or more races.

There were 18 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 38.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.7% under the age of 18, 2.4% from 18 to 24, 36.6% from 25 to 44, 14.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,750, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,367. There were 33.3% of families and 30.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 100.0% of those over 64.

