==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 656
|1940= 672
|1950= 666
|1960= 626
|1970= 561
|1980= 551
|1990= 452
|2000= 421
|2010= 341
|2020= 259
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 341 people, 137 households, and 90 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|852.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 165 housing units at an average density of {{convert|412.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 78.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 21.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 41.3% of the population.

There were 137 households, of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.3% were non-families. 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 38.5 years. 28.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 421 people, 162 households, and 106 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,083.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 179 housing units at an average density of {{convert|460.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 76.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.43% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.24% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 19.95% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 34.44% of the population.

There were 162 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.0% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.9% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $23,571, and the median income for a family was $27,969. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $14,107 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,080. About 20.6% of families and 27.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 44.5% of those under age 18 and 3.2% of those age 65 or over.

