==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 878
|1900= 2265
|1910= 3000
|1920= 2816
|1930= 3634
|1940= 3839
|1950= 3140
|1960= 2412
|1970= 2206
|1980= 1736
|1990= 1010
|2000= 960
|2010= 784
|2020= 791
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 784 people, 364 households, and 190 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|933.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 535 housing units at an average density of {{convert|636.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 364 households, of which 20.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.8% were non-families. 42.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.99 and the average family size was 2.66.

The median age in the city was 47.5 years. Residents under the age of 18 comprise 16.1% of the population; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.4% were from 25 to 44; 34.1% were from 45 to 64; and 19.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.9% male and 47.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 960 people, 427 households, and 237 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,104.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 587 housing units at an average density of {{convert|675.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.62% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.19% of the population.

There were 427 households, out of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were married couples living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.3% were non-families. Individuals comprise 39.3% of all households, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.4 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the city was $22,065, and the median income for a family was $33,472. Males had a median income of $25,288 versus $16,429 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,699. About 12.8% of families and 20.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.4% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.

