==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=679
|2020=667
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

North Gate first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]] formed from part of the [[Alamo, California|Alamo CDP]] and additional area.<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that North Gate had a population of 667. The population density was {{convert|907.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of North Gate was 73.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.3% [[African Americans|African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 10.8% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 2.4% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 12.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 10.2% of the population.

The whole population lived in households, no one lived in non-institutionalized group quarters and no one was institutionalized.

There were 251 households, out of which 30.3% included children under the age of 18, 66.1% were married-couple households, 4.0% were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 21.1% had a female householder with no partner present, and 8.8% had a male householder with no partner present. 17.1% of households were one person, and 9.6% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.66. There were 199 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (79.3% of all households).

The age distribution was 17.1% under the age of 18, 6.3% aged 18 to 24, 15.4% aged 25 to 44, 37.6% aged 45 to 64, and 23.5% who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 53.6{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males.

There were 260 housing units at an average density of {{convert|353.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 251 (96.5%) were occupied. Of these, 90.8% were owner-occupied, and 9.2% were occupied by renters.<ref>{{cite web |title=North Gate CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0651890 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=March 27, 2025}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=North Gate CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0651890 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=March 27, 2025}}</ref>

