==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 308
|1910= 618
|1920= 856
|1930= 1030
|1940= 1263
|1950= 1530
|1960= 1532
|1970= 1667
|1980= 1432
|1990= 1373
|2000= 1318
|2010= 1472
|2020= 1357
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Chesterfield racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4514140&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 15, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|882
|65.0%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|384
|28.3%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|3
|0.22%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|6
|0.44%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|64
|4.72%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|18
|1.33%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,357 people, 571 households, and 406 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1472 people, 597 households, and 358 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|383.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 683 housing units at an average density of {{convert|198.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 64.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 34.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.83% of the population.

There were 597 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were married couples living together, 19.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.9% were non-families. 37.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,833, and the median income for a family was $36,806. Males had a median income of $31,488 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,481. About 19.7% of families and 23.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 39.0% of those under age 18 and 22.2% of those age 65 or over.

