==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 291
|1910= 379
|1920= 583
|1930= 464
|1940= 421
|1950= 444
|1960= 431
|1970= 483
|1980= 496
|1990= 625
|2000= 441
|2010= 362
|2020= 320
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 362 people, 168 households, and 97 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1292.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 194 housing units at an average density of {{convert|692.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 168 households, of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.3% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the village was 47.5 years. 21.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 25.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 441 people, 195 households, and 121 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,532.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 206 housing units at an average density of {{convert|715.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.23% of the population.

There were 195 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.9% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 22.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $29,732, and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $29,125 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,584. About 7.1% of families and 11.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.7% of those under age 18 and 17.2% of those age 65 or over.

