==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 331
|1910= 261
|1920= 338
|1930= 503
|1940= 654
|1950= 661
|1960= 711
|1970= 801
|1980= 1337
|1990= 1257
|2000= 1418
|2010= 1241
|2020= 1376
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Blowing Rock racial composition<ref name="2020census">{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3706500&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-20|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,291
| 93.82%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 3
| 0.22%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.07%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 10
| 0.73%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 38
| 2.76%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 33
| 2.4%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,376 people, 619 households, and 357 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,418 people, 663 households, and 387 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|477.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,524 housing units at an average density of {{convert|513.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.63% of the population.

There were 663 households, of which 
* 16.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them,
* 52.3% were married couples living together,
* 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and
* 41.5% were non-families.
35.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 persons and the average family size was 2.59.

The population consists of 
* 15.0% under the age of 18,
* 4.9% from 18 to 24,
* 20.0% from 25 to 44,
* 34.1% from 45 to 64, and
* 26.0% 65 years or older.
The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $54,271, and the median income for a family was $66,979. Males had a median income of $45,417 compared to $27,361 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $34,294. About 2.9% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.1% of those under age 18 and 6.5% of those age 65 or over.

