==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 211
|1910= 239
|1920= 467
|1930= 634
|1940= 611
|1950= 677
|1960= 745
|1970= 892
|1980= 816
|1990= 775
|2000= 807
|2010= 876
|2020= 806
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Star racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3764580&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 22, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 490
| 60.79%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 71
| 8.81%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 3
| 0.37%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 16
| 1.99%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 226
| 28.04%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 806 people, 262 households, and 147 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 807 people, 335 households, and 211 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|666.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 364 housing units at an average density of {{convert|300.6|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.98% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.62% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.50% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 5.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.17% of the population.

There were 335 households, out of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,845, and the median income for a family was $32,083. Males had a median income of $26,563 versus $22,344 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,300. About 12.1% of families and 18.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.8% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.

