==Demographics==
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 200 people, 83 households, and 62 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 242.5 people per square mile (94.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 104 housing units at an average density of 126.1/sq&nbsp;mi (49.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.50% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.50% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.50% of the population.

There were 83 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.1% were married couples living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.3% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 20.5% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 33.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 124.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $65,536, and the median income for a family was $62,083. Males had a median income of $36,071 versus $39,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $29,051. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

