==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 229
|1950= 413
|1960= 270
|1970= 207
|1980= 218
|1990= 235
|2000= 187
|2010= 215
|2020= 739
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2014|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014 }}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 187 people, 90 households, and 54 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|232.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|138.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.63% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 10.70% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.07% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 1.60% from two or more races.

There were 90 households, out of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.7% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 30.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,917, and the median income for a family was $44,167. Males had a median income of $40,625 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,492. About 15.5% of families and 23.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 19.4% of those 65 or over.

Local events include the Choctaw County Heritage Festival, which takes place usually between May 30 and June 3. Gilbertown is the site of the first producing oil well in Alabama.

