==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 1040
|1910= 1948
|1920= 2517
|1930= 2527
|1940= 2299
|1950= 2427
|1960= 2041
|1970= 1689
|1980= 1512
|1990= 1398
|2000= 1134
|2010= 1009
|2020= 1178
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1183
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.html|date=January 1, 2024|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 1, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 1,134 people, 536 households, and 278 families residing in the town. The population density was 309.4 people per square mile (119.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 740 housing units at an average density of 201.9 per square mile (77.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 53.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 42.86% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.44% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.82% of the population.

There were 536 households, out of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.4% were married couples living together, 19.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.1% were non-families. 43.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 22.1% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 23.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,237, and the median income for a family was $29,167. Males had a median income of $25,536 versus $23,984 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,789. About 21.5% of families and 28.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 43.4% of those under age 18 and 23.0% of those age 65 or over.

