==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 8
|1890= 48
|1940= 65
|1950= 112
|1960= 183
|1970= 274
|1980= 298
|1990= 316
|2000= 325
|2010= 327
|2020= 411
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Tununak was visited by [[Edward William Nelson|Edward Nelson]] in December 1878, where he reported 6 people living there.<ref name="dictionary">{{cite journal|last1=Orth|first1=Donal J.|date=1971|title=Dictionary of Alaska Place Names|url=https://dggs.alaska.gov/webpubs/usgs/p/text/p0567.pdf|journal=Geological Survey Professional Paper|publisher=United States Department of the Interior|volume=567|page=948|access-date=December 13, 2024}}</ref>
Two years later, it first appeared on the 1880 U.S. Census as "Tanunak", an unincorporated village of 8 residents, all Inuit. It appeared on the 1890 census as the village of "Dununuk." A [[Roman Catholic]] mission was later established in 1891.<ref name=dictionary/> In 1940, it appeared again as "Tanunak" until it was incorporated as Tununak in 1975. It was disincorporated in 1997 and made a census-designated place (CDP) effective with the 2000 census.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 325 people, 82 households, and 59 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|5.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.5|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.77% [[Race (United States Census)|Central Yupik]], 3.08% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], and 2.15% from two or more races.

There were 82 households, out of which 47.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.0% were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.96 and the average family size was 5.00.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 42.5% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 12.9% from 45 to 64, and 7.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 23 years. For every 100 females, there were 139.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 159.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $26,500. Males had a median income of $18,125 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,653. About 29.6% of families and 30.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.9% of those under age 18 and 50.0% of those age 65 or over.

The naturalist [[Edward William Nelson|Edward Nelson]], who visited the island in 1878, noted 6 people living on Nelson Island: 5 [[Central Alaskan Yup'ik people|Yupik]] and one non-Yupik trader.

