==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 197
|1870= 490
|1880= 621
|1890= 425
|1900= 369
|1910= 345
|1920= 324
|1930= 328
|1940= 330
|1950= 327
|1960= 332
|1970= 415
|1980= 480
|1990= 387
|2000= 396
|2010= 345
|2020= 323
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref name=":0" /> there were 323 people, 107 households, and 74 families residing in the town. The population density was {{Convert|250.00|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 154 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|119.20|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.93% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.62% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.86% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.86% of the population.

There were 107 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.94% were married couples living together, 7.48% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.84% were non-families. 23.36% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.15% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 2.27.

The town's age distribution consisted of 18.5% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 31.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $53,750, and the median income for a family was $58,000. Males had a median income of $37,292 versus $21,806 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $22,940. About 9.5% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.7% of those under age 18 and 6.4% of those age 65 or over.

