==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 104
|1890= 216
|1900= 865
|1910= 1443
|1920= 1098
|1930= 1336
|1940= 1247
|1950= 1119
|1960= 1154
|1970= 1046
|1980= 1128
|1990= 1070
|2000= 1054
|2010= 984
|2020= 725
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[U.S. census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,054 people, 450 households, and 283 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,321.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 519 housing units at an average density of {{convert|650.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.04% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.90% of the population.

There were 450 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,438, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $19,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,751. About 16.2% of families and 19.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.5% of those under age 18 and 17.5% of those age 65 or over.

