==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 157
|1910= 240
|1920= 302
|1930= 311
|1940= 305
|1950= 359
|1960= 394
|1970= 462
|1980= 460
|1990= 425
|2000= 392
|2010= 388
|2020= 381
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 388 people, 148 households, and 113 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2042.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 160 housing units at an average density of {{convert|842.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 148 households, of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.6% were non-families. 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the village was 40.3 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 13.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 392 people, 135 households, and 108 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,066.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|832.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.51% of the population.

There were 135 households, out of which 44.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 19.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.90 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 36.0% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 34.4% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 3.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females there were 101.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $51,591, and the median income for a family was $62,273. Males had a median income of $44,500 versus $26,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,763. None of the families and 4.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 28.0% of those over 64.

