==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 1133
|1890= 1158
|1900= 1195
|1910= 1118
|1920= 1078
|1930= 948
|1940= 945
|1950= 940
|1960= 903
|1970= 947
|1980= 885
|1990= 806
|2000= 792
|2010= 667
|2020= 570
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref name="Census2020">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1777642 |access-date=June 28, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 570 people, 332 households, and 231 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|453.10|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 292 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|232.11|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.70% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.81% of the population.

There were 332 households, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.63% were married couples living together, 10.84% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.42% were non-families. 25.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.64% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.22.

The village's age distribution consisted of 19.9% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 19.7% from 25 to 44, 31.8% from 45 to 64, and 22.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,083, and the median income for a family was $53,047. Males had a median income of $31,786 versus $26,957 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $23,135. About 9.5% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.0% of those under age 18 and 6.1% of those age 65 or over.{{clear|left}}

