==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 106
|1890= 510
|1900= 840
|1910= 1029
|1920= 1042
|1930= 1203
|1940= 1084
|1950= 1352
|1960= 1090
|1970= 1145
|1980= 1206
|1990= 1107
|2000= 1041
|2010= 1063
|2020= 1071
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,063 people, 490 households, and 272 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|793.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 589 housing units at an average density of {{convert|439.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 490 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.5% were non-families. 42.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 47.6 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.7% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 26.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,041 people, 486 households, and 282 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,287.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 545 housing units at an average density of {{convert|674.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.77% of the population.

There were 486 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.8% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 25.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.2 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $30,913, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $28,214 versus $20,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,673. About 4.5% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.9% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.

