==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 443
|1870= 491
|1880= 558
|1890= 448
|1900= 478
|1910= 455
|1920= 483
|1930= 476
|1940= 492
|1950= 604
|1960= 673
|1970= 731
|1980= 652
|1990= 553
|2000= 584
|2010= 529
|2020= 667
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 529 people, 196 households, and 137 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|594.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 218 housing units at an average density of {{convert|244.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 196 households, of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.1% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.17.

The median age in the village was 36.8 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.6% were from 45 to 64; and 11.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 584 people, 195 households, and 146 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|646.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 201 housing units at an average density of {{convert|222.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.71% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.17% of the population. 32.2% were of [[German Americans|German]], 14.5% [[Irish Americans|Irish]], 8.8% [[Italian Americans|Italian]], 7.7% [[American ancestry|American]] and 6.9% [[English Americans|English]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 195 households, out of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.1% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.99 and the average family size was 3.43.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.5% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 33.0% from 25 to 44, 17.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 90.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,536, and the median income for a family was $37,917. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $23,409 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,276. About 7.9% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.3% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

