==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 431
| 1940 = 406
| 1950 = 284
| 1960 = 157
| 1970 = 155
| 1980 = 155
| 1990 = 157
| 2000 = 126
| 2010 = 145
| 2020 = 140
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 137
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 126 people, 58 households, and 40 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|12.4|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=on}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{convert|7.3|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.06% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.59% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 5.56% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 0.79% from two or more races. 0.79% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 58 households, out of which 22.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.68.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.0% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 19.0% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 28.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,875, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $64,375 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,580. There were 15.6% of families and 19.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 26.5% of those under 18 and 19.5% of those over 65.

