==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 196
| 1890 = 220
| 1900 = 249
| 1910 = 191
| 1920 = 134
| 1930 = 110
| 1940 = 137
| 1950 = 120
| 1960 = 136
| 1970 = 84
| 1980 = 49
| 1990 = 51
| 2000 = 50
| 2010 = 72
| 2020 = 104
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 100
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 50 people, 18 households, and 14 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 160.9/km{{sup|2}} (412.3/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 21 housing units at an average density of 67.6/km{{sup|2}} (173.2/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], and 2.00% from two or more races.

There were 18 households, out of which 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 28.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $42,917. Males had a median income of $41,250 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,149. There were no families and 12.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

