==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 373
|2010= 199
|2020= 286
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="Census 2020"/>
}}
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{cite web |url=https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results |title=Data Center Results |website=apps.mla.org |access-date=22 May 2022 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20160308223853/https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results |archive-date=8 March 2016 |url-status=dead}}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| Spoke [[Navajo language|Navajo]] at home || 75.00%
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 25.00%
|}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 373 people, 95 households, and 79 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|22.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|8.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.54% of the population.

There were 95 households, out of which 48.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 29.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.8% were non-families. 15.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.93 and the average family size was 4.37.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 39.1% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 5.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $37,625, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $25,455 versus $15,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,290. About 25.6% of families and 34.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.7% of those under age 18 and 34.6% of those age 65 or over.

