==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 1918
|1960= 2004
|1970= 1597
|1980= 1389
|1990= 1255
|2000= 1197
|2010= 1118
|2020= 1068
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/decennial-publications.html|title=Decennial Census Official Publications|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=March 4, 2024}}</ref>
}}
Groveton is part of the [[Berlin, New Hampshire|Berlin]], [[Berlin, New Hampshire micropolitan area|NH-VT Micropolitan Statistical Area]]. As of the 2010 [[United States census|US Census]], there were 1,118 people, 491 households, and 300 families residing in the CDP. There were 550 housing units, of which 59, or 10.7%, were vacant. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.9% [[White Americans|white]], 0.1% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], and 0.8% two or more races. 0.6% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3332260| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1): Groveton CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| access-date=October 13, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213151643/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3332260| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

Of the 491 households in the CDP, 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were headed by married couples living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28, and the average family size was 2.83.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

22.9% of residents in the CDP were under the age of 18, 7.8% were from age 18 to 24, 23.1% were from 25 to 44, 28.2% were from 45 to 64, and 18.4% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41.9 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.3 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

For the period 2011–15, the estimated median annual income for a household was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $51,563. Male full-time workers had a median income of $36,906 versus $26,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,504. 9.3% of the population and 5.2% of families were below the poverty line, along with 12.8% of people under the age of 18 and 6.9% of people 65 or older.<ref>{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3332260| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): Groveton CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| access-date=October 13, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213101817/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3332260| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

