==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 310
|1930= 508
|1940= 646
|1950= 685
|1960= 697
|1970= 680
|1980= 647
|1990= 669
|2000= 638
|2010= 606
|2020= 578
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 606 people, 262 households, and 165 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,110.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 289 housing units at an average density of {{convert|529.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.0% White, 0.1% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 0.1% Asian, 0.8% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.2%.<ref name="GR2" />

There were 262 households, 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were married couples living together, 4.6% had male householder with no wife present, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 30.2% of households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% 65 or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.7 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the borough was $32,054, and the median family income  was $53,750.  The per capita income for the borough was $19,418. About 14.5% of families and 20.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 54.9% of those under age 18 and 3.2% of those age 65 or over.

