==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 277
|1900= 218
|1910= 250
|1920= 291
|1930= 286
|1940= 278
|1950= 206
|1960= 203
|1970= 268
|1980= 332
|1990= 231
|2000= 246
|2010= 238
|2020= 197
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 246 people, 78 households, and 51 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|790.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|289.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.44% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 78 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 28.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 138.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 172.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,146, and the median income for a family was $37,708. Males had a median income of $28,250 versus $27,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,230. None of the families and 26.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 71.0% of those over 64.

