==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 181
|1910= 329
|1920= 360
|1930= 310
|1940= 303
|1950= 270
|1960= 211
|1970= 196
|1980= 193
|1990= 181
|2000= 188
|2010= 171
|2020= 181
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census]] of 2020, there were 181 people, 74 households, and 63 families residing in the village. The population density was 603.3 inhabitants per square mile (232.8/km<sup>2</sup>). 

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=2012-06-21}}</ref> of 2010, there were 171 people, 75 households, and 46 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|684.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|344.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 75 households, out of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.7% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the village was 41.4 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.5% were from 25 to 44; 30.4% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 188 people, 83 households, and 54 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|741.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|355.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.60% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.53% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.06% from two or more races.

There were 83 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 11.2% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,438, and the median income for a family was $36,042. Males had a median income of $31,000 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,097. None of the families and 8.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

