==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 910
|2010= 761
|2020= 667
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
The population was 761 at the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]].<ref name="Census 2010">{{cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/G001/1600000US3947362| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200210220949/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/G001/1600000US3947362| url-status=dead| archive-date=February 10, 2020| title=Geographic Identifiers: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (G001): Maple Ridge CDP, Ohio| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| accessdate=March 28, 2013}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 910 people, 356 households, and 264 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|452.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 373 housing units at an average density of {{convert|185.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.66% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.33% of the population.

There were 356 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.6% were non-families. 20.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 91.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $27,083, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $27,045 versus $14,716 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,750. About 2.8% of families and 5.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.1% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

