==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 546
|1910= 2011
|1920= 2109
|1930= 1409
|1940= 1904
|1950= 1936
|1960= 1586
|1970= 1317
|1980= 1001
|1990= 923
|2000= 860
|2010= 770
|2020= 675
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 14, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-2710252">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Cass Lake city, Minnesota |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2710252&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=18 July 2022}}</ref> the population was 675. The [[population density]] was {{convert|619.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 296 housing units at an average density of {{convert|271.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 71.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 19.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 8.7% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 1.8% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race. The 2020 census results may be inaccurate, especially for rural and non-white communities, owing to the Census Bureau's implementation of differential privacy.<ref>{{Cite journal| doi = 10.1007/s11113-022-09698-3| issn = 0167-5923| last1 = Mueller| first1 = J. Tom| last2 = Santos-Lozada| first2 = Alexis R.| title = The 2020 US Census Differential Privacy Method Introduces Disproportionate Discrepancies for Rural and Non-White Populations| journal = Population Research and Policy Review| accessdate = 2022-07-18| date = 2022-01-19| volume = 41| issue = 4| pages = 1417–1430| s2cid = 254934164| url = https://link.springer.com/10.1007/s11113-022-09698-3| pmc = 11105149}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 770 people, 305 households, and 164 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|675.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 371 housing units at an average density of {{convert|325.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 67.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 24.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]],  0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 6.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 305 households, of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 17.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.2% were non-families. 40.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.29.

The median age in the city was 31.8 years. 30.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 21.9% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 860 people, 331 households, and 192 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|753.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 384 housing units at an average density of {{convert|336.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 30.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 64.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.74% of the population.

There were 331 households, out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 24.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 27.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.7% were non-families. 38.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.40.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 36.2% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 16.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,583, and the median income for a family was $23,977. Males had a median income of $22,614 versus $20,066 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,569.  About 25.4% of families and 29.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.0% of those under age 18 and 29.4% of those age 65 or over.

