==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 587
|1940= 479
|1950= 336
|1960= 293
|1970= 252
|1980= 244
|1990= 198
|2000= 205
|2010= 190
|2020= 187
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 190 people, 80 households, and 54 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2375.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1400.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 80 households, of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.5% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the village was 43 years. 26.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 17.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 205 people, 82 households, and 56 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|2,426.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,302.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 98.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.98% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.98% from two or more races. 57.9% were of [[Finnish people|Finnish]], 8.2% [[Germans|German]], 7.7% [[English people|English]], 7.7% United States or American and 4.9% [[Irish people|Irish]] ancestry according to [[census 2000]].

There were 82 households, out of which 37.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.8% under the age of 18, 2.4% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,500, and the median income for a family was $33,393. Males had a median income of $25,313 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,281.  About 11.9% of families and 24.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 43.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.3% of those 65 or over.

