==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 400
| 1930 = 332
| 1940 = 322
| 1950 = 283
| 1960 = 229
| 1970 = 222
| 1980 = 244
| 1990 = 218
| 2000 = 222
| 2010 = 224
| 2020 = 245
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 261
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 222 people, 90 households, and 66 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|447.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|225.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.30% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.90% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 1.80% from two or more races.

There were 90 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.6% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 12.2% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,000, and the median income for a family was $30,313. Males had a median income of $16,875 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $25,970.  About 11.5% of families and 17.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of 18 and 34.2% of those 65 or over.

