==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 24
|1990= 69
|2000= 50
|2010= 47
|2020= 61
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Chiniak first appeared on the 1880 U.S. Census as an unincorporated Inuit Village of 24 persons (all Inuit). It was likely abandoned some point soon after, as it did not appear on the 1890 census or until 100 years later in 1990, after the area was resettled by non-natives and made a census-designated place.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 50 people, 24 households, and 13 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.00% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 2.00% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 6.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.00% from two or more races. 8.00% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 24 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 41.7% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 18.0% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 14.0% from 25 to 44, 56.0% from 45 to 64, and 6.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 194.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 173.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $14,167, and the median income for a family was $75,067. Males had a median income of $51,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,211. There were no families and 20.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

