==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 394
|1880= 404
|1890= 369
|1900= 358
|1910= 331
|1920= 283
|1930= 298
|1940= 288
|1950= 350
|1960= 411
|1970= 705
|1980= 652
|1990= 563
|2000= 600
|2010= 1106
|2020= 2134
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref> 2020<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web|title=2020 Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US3944086|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,106 people, 443 households, and 302 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|547.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 502 housing units at an average density of {{convert|248.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 443 households, of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.8% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the village was 38.2 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 600 people, 248 households, and 166 families living in the village.  The [[population density]] was 579.2/km<sup>2</sup>; (1,494.9/sq&nbsp;mi;).  There were 260 housing units at an average density of 251.0/km<sup>2</sup>; (647.8/sq&nbsp;mi;).  The racial makeup of the village was 98.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.33% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.67% from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.33% of the population.

There were 248 households, out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years.  For every 100 females there were 96.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,208, and the median income for a family was $49,500. Males had a median income of $35,714 versus $27,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,442.  About 3.1% of families and 5.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.5% of those under the age of 18 and 6.1% of those 65 and older.

