==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 265
|1900= 513
|1910= 618
|1920= 581
|1930= 474
|1940= 673
|1950= 877
|1960= 858
|1970= 904
|1980= 898
|1990= 707
|2000= 708
|2010= 658
|2020= 592
|estyear=2021
|estimate=583
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 25, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 25, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 9, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 658 people, 304 households, and 174 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|812.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 346 housing units at an average density of {{convert|427.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.0% of the population.

There were 304 households, of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.8% were non-families. 40.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 46.8 years. 20.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.4% were from 25 to 44; 29.7% were from 45 to 64; and 23.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 708 people, 292 households, and 188 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|865.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 331 housing units at an average density of {{convert|404.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 93.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.71% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.66% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.19% of the population.

There were 292 households, out of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 20.6% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 22.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,207, and the median income for a family was $42,969. Males had a median income of $31,103 versus $21,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,152.  About 3.3% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.4% of those under age 18 and 12.7% of those age 65 or over.

