==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 284
|1960= 323
|1970= 446
|1980= 419
|1990= 385
|2000= 368
|2010= 371
|2020= 337
|estyear=2024
|estimate=1343
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=May 19, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

As of the 2023 [[American Community Survey]], there are 215 estimated households in Medicine Lake with an average of 2.52 persons per household. The city has a median household income of $161,250. Approximately 2.6% of the city's population lives at or below the [[Poverty in the United States|poverty line]]. Medicine Lake has an estimated 68.4% employment rate, with 71.0% of the population holding a bachelor's degree or higher and 99.7% holding a high school diploma.

The top five reported ancestries (people were allowed to report up to two ancestries, thus the figures will generally add to more than 100%) were English (99.1%), Spanish (0.2%), Indo-European (0.2%), Asian and Pacific Islander (0.6%), and Other (0.0%).

The median age in the city was 44.9 years.

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 337 people, 154 households, and 93 families residing in the city.<ref>{{Cite web|title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: Household Type |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Medicine%20Lake%20city,%20Minnesota%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=May 19, 2025 |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> The [[population density]] was {{convert|1947.98|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 164 housing units at an average density of {{convert|947.98|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from some other races and 2.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 2.37% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web|title=How many people live in Medicine Lake city, Minnesota |url=https://data.usatoday.com/census/total-population/total-population-change/medicine-lake-city-minnesota/160-2741462/ |access-date=May 19, 2025 |publisher=USA Today}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 371 people, 160 households, and 104 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|2061.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 174 housing units at an average density of {{convert|966.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from some other races and 2.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 1.35% of the population.

There were 160 households, of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.0% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 47.7 years. 21.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.4% were from 25 to 44; 39.4% were from 45 to 64; and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 368 people, 159 households, and 94 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|2133.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 170 housing units at an average density of {{convert|985.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.54% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.45% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from some other races and 1.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 1.36% of the population.

In terms of ancestry, 23.9% were of German, 14.0% Norwegian, 13.7% Swedish, 6.4% Dutch, 6.1% English and 5.1% Polish.

There were 159 households, out of which 25.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were married couples living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.3% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.9% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 32.3% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $70,750, and the median income for a family was $100,382. Males had a median income of $51,250 versus $37,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $45,942.  None of the families and 1.1% of the population were living below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

