==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 155
|1930= 147
|1940= 183
|1950= 216
|1960= 192
|1970= 211
|1980= 216
|1990= 220
|2000= 228
|2010= 221
|2020= 180
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 9, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 221 people, 110 households, and 64 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|387.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 131 housing units at an average density of {{convert|229.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.5% from two or more races.

There were 110 households, of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.8% were non-families. 37.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.64.

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 20.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 21.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.6% male and 53.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 228 people, 115 households, and 57 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|363.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 128 housing units at an average density of {{convert|204.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.88% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.44% of the population.

There were 115 households, out of which 25.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 49.6% were non-families. 47.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.98 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 18.0% from 45 to 64, and 28.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,625, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,635.  About 15.2% of families and 17.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.4% of those 65 or over.

