==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 198
|1880= 283
|1910= 534
|1920= 561
|1930= 564
|1940= 615
|1950= 699
|1960= 799
|1970= 824
|1980= 826
|1990= 792
|2000= 862
|2010= 980
|2020= 1083
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

Sardinia first appeared on the 1850 U.S. Census with a recorded population of 198.<ref>[https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1850/1850a/1850a-43.pdf Ohio: 1850 Census]</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 980 people, 363 households, and 259 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|790.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 416 housing units at an average density of {{convert|335.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 363 households, of which 44.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.7% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the village was 31 years. 33.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.6% were from 25 to 44; 20.3% were from 45 to 64; and 9.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 862 people, 328 households, and 230 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,343.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 362 housing units at an average density of {{convert|564.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 1.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.93% of the population.

There were 328 households, out of which 40.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.6% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 31.7% from 25 to 44, 17.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 87.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,897, and the median income for a family was $32,708. Males had a median income of $34,375 versus $18,056 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,334. About 15.4% of families and 20.1% of the population were well above the [[poverty line]], including 24.2% of those under age 18 and 14.3% of those age 65 or over.

