==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 297
|1970= 395
|1980= 369
|1990= 380
|2000= 280
|2010= 194
|2020= 224
| estimate=224
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref> {{same}}
|footnote=Population sources:<small><br>1960–1990<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref> 2000<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/><br>2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3402541010 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 for Loch Arbour village, Monmouth County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212101820/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3402541010 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed July 30, 2012.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_mon/locharbour1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Loch Arbour village]{{Dead link|date=March 2020 |bot=InternetArchiveBot |fix-attempted=yes }}, [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed July 30, 2012.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}

===2010 census===
The [[2010 United States census]] counted 194 people, 82 households, and 53 families in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1928.2|/sqmi}}. There were 159 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1580.4|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup was 94.85% (184) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 1.55% (3) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.00% (0) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 1.55% (3) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.52% (1) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 1.55% (3) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 3.61% (7) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 82 households, 28.0% had children under the age of 18; 52.4% were married couples living together; 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present and 35.4% were non-families. Of all households, 29.3% were made up of individuals and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.91.<ref name=Census2010/>

19.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 13.9% from 25 to 44, 44.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49.0 years. For every 100 females, the population had 102.1 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 108.0 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

The Census Bureau's 2006–2010 [[American Community Survey]] showed that (in 2010 [[inflation adjustment|inflation-adjusted]] dollars) [[median household income]] was $120,000 (with a margin of error of +/− $62,957) and the median family income was $119,167 (+/− $20,917). Males had a median income of $73,500 (+/− $27,181) versus $92,500 (+/− $38,683) for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $60,575 (+/− $9,229). None of the population were below the [[poverty line]].<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3402541010 DP03: Selected Economic Characteristics from the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Loch Arbour village, Monmouth County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212083126/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3402541010 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed June 21, 2012.</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 280 people, 120 households, and 77 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,894.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 156 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,612.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.71% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.71% of the population.<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603441010.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Loch Arbour village, New Jersey]{{Dead link|date=March 2020 |bot=InternetArchiveBot |fix-attempted=yes }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed July 30, 2012.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3402541010 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Loch Arbour village, Monmouth County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212102225/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3402541010 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed July 30, 2012.</ref>

There were 120 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.88.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the village, the population was spread out, with 17.5% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 30.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.6 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the village was $68,542, and the median income for a family was $74,250. Males had a median income of $61,964 versus $41,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $34,037. None of the families and 4.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

