==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 93
|1950= 94
|1960= 134
|1970= 221
|1980= 369
|1990= 420
|2000= 486
|2010= 488
|2020= 425
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2014|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the 2010 census Hammondville had a population of 488.  The racial and ethnic composition of the population was 88.3% non-Hispanic white, 0.8% black or African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.6% Asian, 5.1% from some other race, 3.3% from two or more races and 6.8% Hispanic or Latino or any race.<ref>2010 general profile of population and housing characteristics of Hammondville from the US census</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 486 people, 193 households, and 150 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|99.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 216 housing units at an average density of {{convert|44.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 95.27% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.65% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.41% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.62% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.85% from two or more races.  2.67% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 193 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.8% were non-families. 18.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,056, and the median income for a family was $34,500. Males had a median income of $33,542 versus $17,045 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,582.  About 8.0% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.2% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.

