==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 163
|2020= 138
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Elk Creek had a population of 138. The population density was {{convert|93.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Elk Creek was 120 (87.0%) [[White Americans|White]], 1 (0.7%) [[African Americans|African American]], 4 (2.9%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 2 (1.4%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 3 (2.2%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 8 (5.8%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 8 persons (5.8%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Elk Creek CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0622006 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 19, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 58 households, out of which 7 (12.1%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 20 (34.5%) were married-couple households, 0 (0.0%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 7 (12.1%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 31 (53.4%) had a male householder with no partner present. 29 households (50.0%) were one person, and 13 (22.4%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.38.<ref name=DP1/> There were 28 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (48.3% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Elk Creek CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0622006 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 19, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 23 people (16.7%) under the age of 18, 1 people (0.7%) aged 18 to 24, 11 people (8.0%) aged 25 to 44, 51 people (37.0%) aged 45 to 64, and 52 people (37.7%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 61.1{{nbsp}}years. There were 73 males and 65 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|54.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 58 (72.5%) were occupied. Of these, 35 (60.3%) were owner-occupied, and 23 (39.7%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

