==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1990 = 2373
| 2000 = 4631
| 2010 = 5077
| 2020 = 5532
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}} 
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2020, there were 4,532 people, and 2,142 households residing in the CDP. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 7.0% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] and 1.4% from two or more races. As of the [[census]] of 2000, The population density was {{convert|952.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,727 housing units at an average density of 355.2/sq mi (137.2/km<sup>2</sup>).

There were 1,666 households, out of which 40.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.9% were non-families. 17.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 35.1% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $42,717, and the median income for a family was $45,046. Males had a median income of $34,053 versus $22,368 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,934. About 6.6% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.9% of those under age 18 and 2.1% of those age 65 or over.

