==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 185
|2020= 101
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br>2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Washington had a population of 101. The population density was {{convert|53.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 97 (96.0%) [[White Americans|White]], and 4 (4.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]]. No residents were [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]].<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Washington CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0683570 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=July 14, 2025}}</ref>

There were 53 households, out of which 14 (26.4%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 13 (24.5%) were married-couple households, 3 (5.7%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 18 (34.0%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 19 (35.8%) had a male householder with no partner present. 26 households (49.1%) were one person, and 17 (32.1%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.91.<ref name=DP1/> There were 26 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (49.1% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Washington CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0683570 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=July 14, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 10 people (9.9%) under the age of 18, 1 person (1.0%) aged 18 to 24, 23 people (22.8%) aged 25 to 44, 25 people (24.8%) aged 45 to 64, and 42 people (41.6%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 59.9{{nbsp}}years. There were 57 males and 44 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 92 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 53 (57.6%) were occupied. Of these, 52 (98.1%) were owner-occupied, and 1 (1.9%) was occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

