==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = US Decennial Census<ref name="GR1">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/time-series/geo/gazetteer-files.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-04-23|date=2011-02-12|title=US Gazetteer files: 2010, 2000, and 1990}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Trout Lake, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Trout%20Lake%20CDP,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 13, 2024}}</ref>
| 2010 = 557
| 2020 = 672
}}
As of the [[2010 United States census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-05-14|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 557 people, 224 households, and 171 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 78.5 people per square mile. There were 290 housing units at an average density of 40.8/sq&nbsp;mi. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 92.6% White, 0.2% Black, 0.9% Native American, 0.7% Asian, 2.5% from other races, and 3.1% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.2% of the population.

There were 224 households, out of which 28.1% included children under the age of 18, 64.7% included a married husband and wife, 4.0% included a male householder with no wife present, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.7% were non-families. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.81.

The demographic spread included 130 (23.3%) under the age of 18, 329 (59.1%) aged 20 to 64, and 85 (15.3%) who were 65 years of age or older. By gender, the population was 51.7% (288) male and 48.3% (269) female. The median age was 44.8 years.

In 2011, the [[American Community Survey]] estimated a median income of $31,563 (adjusted for inflation, 2011 dollars) for an individual, and $56,250 for a household.<ref>{{cite web|title=American Community Survey|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_11_5YR_DP03|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212211753/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_11_5YR_DP03|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=US Census Bureau}}</ref>

