==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1990 = 366
| 2000 = 379
| 2010 = 332
| 2020 = 301
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Rosser, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Rosser%20village,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 21, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 379 people, 132 households, and 97 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|188.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 156 housing units at an average density of {{convert|77.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 58.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 32.72% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.85% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.22% of the population.

There were 132 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.87 and the average family size was 3.40.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,558, and the median income for a family was $39,886. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,960. About 18.2% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.4% of those under age 18 and 34.1% of those age 65 or over.

