==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 1100
|2010= 1013
|2020= 998
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/cf/1.0/en/place/Lincoln%20CDP,%20Montana/POPULATION/DECENNIAL_CNT|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2017-12-29|title=American FactFinder|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200214004947/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/cf/1.0/en/place/Lincoln%20CDP,%20Montana/POPULATION/DECENNIAL_CNT|archive-date=2020-02-14|url-status=dead}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,013 people, 507 households, and 296 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|56.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 846 housing units at an average density of {{convert|47.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 507 households, out of which 16.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.6% were non-families. 18.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.55.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 16.3% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 16.1% from 25 to 44, 41.2% from 45 to 64, and 22.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $26,688, and the median income for a family was $32,784. Males had a median income of $24,583 versus $15,227 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,243. About 17.4% of families and 21.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.8% of those under age 18 and 9.8% of those age 65 or over.

