==Demographics==
{{stack|{{US Census population
| 2000 = 493
| 2010 = 453
| 2020 = 468
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Buffalo Springs racial composition'''<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4811155&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 20, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic''){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|392
|83.76%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|1
|0.21%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|1
|0.21%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|17
|3.63%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|57
|12.18%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''468'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 468 people, 247 households, and 164 families residing in the village.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 493 people, 227 households, and 143 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|312.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 303 housing units at an average density of {{convert|192.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.61% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.61% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.48% of the population.

There were 227 households, out of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.1% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 34.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,389, and the median income for a family was $40,500. Males had a median income of $27,404 versus $23,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,488. About 3.1% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of those under age 18 and 3.7% of those age 65 or over.

