==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 6539
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 6,539 people and 2,622 households in the CDP, out of which 20.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 19.7 had persons 65 years and older present, and 53.7 females present. The average household size was 2.43. The population density was {{convert|1,708.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 77.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.2% from two or more races, and [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Linglestown, Pennsylvania |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/linglestowncdppennsylvania/HSG010221#qf-flag-X |access-date=2023-02-28 |website=The United States Census Bureau |language=EN-US}}</ref>

As of the [[census]] of 2010, There were 2,508 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.9% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $77,699. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $38,825, and about 3.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]]. 64.1% of the area population 16+ were in the civilian labor force.<ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Linglestown, Pennsylvania |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/linglestowncdppennsylvania/HSG010221#qf-flag-X |access-date=2023-02-28 |website=The United States Census Bureau |language=EN-US}}</ref>

