==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 189
|1900= 384
|1910= 469
|1920= 428
|1930= 319
|1940= 332
|1950= 339
|1960= 316
|1970= 320
|1980= 277
|1990= 273
|2000= 272
|2010= 252
|2020= 239
|estimate= 230
|estyear= 2025
|estref= <ref name="IndianaDemographics">{{cite web|url=https://www.indiana-demographics.com/bryant-demographics|title=Bryant Demographic Statistics|publisher=Indiana Demographics by Cubit|accessdate=January 28, 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 252 people, 99 households, and 68 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|840.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|386.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 99 households, of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.3% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the town was 38.5 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 29.3% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 272 people, 95 households, and 74 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|897.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|359.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.10% of the population.

There were 95 households, out of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.1% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.9% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 32.7% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 9.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 121.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,821, and the median income for a family was $41,042. Males had a median income of $21,833 versus $17,266 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,416. None of the families and 4.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

