==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 265
|1910= 292
|1920= 175
|1930= 199
|1940= 229
|1950= 230
|1960= 283
|1970= 297
|1980= 285
|1990= 297
|2000= 251
|2010= 269
|2020= 258
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 269 people, 91 households, and 74 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|178.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 96 housing units at an average density of {{convert|63.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 91 households, of which 37.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 18.7% were non-families. 16.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.96 and the average family size was 3.26.

The median age in the village was 38.4 years. 29% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 251 people, 87 households, and 66 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|168.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|62.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 99.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.40% of the population.

Many of the residents of Emmett have Irish heritage, most of which can trace family members back to Ireland.

There were 87 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.0% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.89 and the average family size was 3.42.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.3% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $50,536, and the median income for a family was $52,250. Males had a median income of $41,563 versus $22,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,500.  None of the families and 1.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

