==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 242
|1910= 144
|1920= 96
|1930= 50
|1940= 98
|1950= 83
|1960= 41
|1970= 54
|1980= 81
|1990= 73
|2000= 100
|2010= 104
|2020= 91
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=December 30, 2016}}</ref>
}}
Circle first appeared on the 1900 U.S. Census as "Circle City," although it was an unincorporated village. Its name was shortened to Circle for the 1910 census. It was made a census-designated place in 1980.

At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 100 people, 34 households and 22 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 14.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 76.00% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 9.00% from two or more races. 4.00% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 34 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 11.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 32.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.94 and the average family size was 3.48.

29.0% of the population was under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 30.0% from 45 to 64, and 4.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.2 males.

The [[median household income]] was $11,667, and the median family income was $11,250. Males had a median income of $0 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $6,426. There were 50.0% of families and 42.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 57.9% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

