==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 59
|1900= 310
|1910= 309
|1920= 214
|1930= 149
|1940= 141
|1950= 166
|1960= 275
|1970= 326
|1980= 381
|1990= 378
|2000= 364
|2010= 290
|2020= 358
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 350
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 290 people, 122 households, and 80 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1260.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 131 housing units at an average density of {{convert|569.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 122 households, of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.4% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the village was 42.3 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 364 people, 136 households, and 96 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,592.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|608.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.92% of the population.

There were 136 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.8% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 110.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,188, and the median income for a family was $62,250. Males had a median income of $40,234 versus $27,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,148. About 7.1% of families and 5.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.2% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.

