==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 474
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
At the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]] there were 671 people, 174 households, and 133 families living in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|103|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 231 housing units at an average density of {{convert|26.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2020 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was <1% White, 99% Native American, <1% from other races, and <1% from two or more races.  1% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
Of the 174 households 33% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28% were married couples living together, 29% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27% were non-families. 22% of households were one person and 9% were one person aged 65 or older.  The average household size was 3 and the average family size was 4.

The age distribution was 34% under the age of 18, 9% from 18 to 24, 28% from 25 to 44, 19% from 45 to 64, and 11% 65 or older.  The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 92 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93 males.

The median household income was $9,243 and the median family income  was $12,000. Males had a median income of $22,813 versus $23,438 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $6,090.  About 50% of families and 51% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 55% of those under age 18 and 69% of those age 65 or over.

