==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 195
|1930= 165
|1940= 137
|1950= 146
|1960= 133
|1970= 121
|1980= 158
|1990= 135
|2000= 153
|2010= 137
|2020= 157
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 153 people, 78 households, and 32 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|304.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|169.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.96% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.65% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.96% of the population.

There were 78 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 57.7% were non-families. 52.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 1.3% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 29.4% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,679, and the median income for a family was $18,438. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,342. About 36.0% of families and 45.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 71.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.0% of those 65 or over.
{{clear|left}}

