==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 299
|1890= 485
|1900= 334
|1910= 337
|1920= 336
|1930= 322
|1940= 366
|1950= 413
|1960= 445
|1970= 481
|1980= 507
|1990= 528
|2000= 495
|2010= 493
|2020= 517
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 493 people, 182 households, and 115 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|547.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 223 housing units at an average density of {{convert|247.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.7% of the population.

There were 182 households, of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.8% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.28.

The median age in the village was 33.6 years. 30% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 24% were from 45 to 64; and 14.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 495 people, 194 households, and 120 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|536.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 218 housing units at an average density of {{convert|236.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 97.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.01% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.40% of the population.

There were 194 households, out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.7% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,442, and the median income for a family was $34,688. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $18,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,634.  About 11.3% of families and 17.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.6% of those under age 18 and 19.7% of those age 65 or over.

