==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = Sources:<ref name="2020 Census"/>
| 2010 = 3500
| 2020 = 3664
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,026 people, 1,140 households, and 855 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 623.6 people per square mile (240.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,304 housing units at an average density of 268.7/sq&nbsp;mi (103.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 5.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.8% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 1,140 households, out of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 33.7% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 7.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $52,852, and the median income for a family was $60,028. Males had a median income of $43,633 versus $30,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,895. About 3.2% of families and 5.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.3% of those under age 18 and 4.2% of those age 65 or over.

{{Geographic location
 | Northwest = [[Port Gamble, Washington|Port Gamble]] |
 | North =  [[Kingston, Washington|Kingston]] |
 | Northeast = ''[[Puget Sound]]'' |
 | West =  [[Poulsbo, Washington|Poulsbo]] |
 | Centre = Indianola |
 | East =  ''[[Puget Sound]]''||
 | Southwest = [[Suquamish, Washington|Suquamish]] |
 | South = ''[[Port Madison]]'', ''[[Bainbridge Island]]'' |
 | Southeast = ''[[Puget Sound]]'' |
}}

