==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 532
|1920= 654
|1930= 614
|1940= 584
|1950= 657
|1960= 731
|1970= 746
|1980= 746
|1990= 706
|2000= 715
|2010= 675
|2020= 653
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2011-05-14 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 675 people, 309 households, and 182 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,350|/sqmi}}. There were 356 housing units at an average density of {{convert|712|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% Asian, 0.4% of other races, and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 309 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.1% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals living alone, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.82.

The age distribution of the city was 23.9% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 20 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.98 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.35 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,798, and the median income for a family was $36,000. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $22,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,183. About 29.3% of families and 27.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.9% of those under age 18 and 6.8% of those age 65 or over.

