==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 412
|1890= 432
|1900= 520
|1910= 616
|1920= 729
|1930= 755
|1940= 971
|1950= 1358
|1960= 1970
|1970= 2703
|1980= 3517
|1990= 3669
|2000= 4322
|2010= 4915
|2020= 4806
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 4,915 people, 1,881 households, and 1,269 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1989.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,960 housing units at an average density of {{convert|793.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|European American]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 1,881 households, of which 37.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.5% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 37.4 years. 26.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 4,322 people, 1,631 households and 1,143 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 2,525.0 per square mile (975.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,677 housing units at an average density of 979.7 per square mile (378.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.72% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.42% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.36% of the population.

There were 1,631 households, of which 38.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.10.

28.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 32.2% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $50,636 and the median family income was $57,453. Males had a median income of $38,239 versus $25,263 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $20,445. About 4.6% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.5% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.

