==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 765
|1870= 823
|1880= 855
|1890= 742
|1900= 682
|1910= 601
|1920= 580
|1930= 612
|1940= 646
|1950= 752
|1960= 700
|1970= 694
|1980= 729
|1990= 634
|2000= 611
|2010= 490
|2020= 455
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 490 people, 197 households, and 136 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1814.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 227 housing units at an average density of {{convert|840.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 197 households, of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.0% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the town was 40.2 years. 22% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 611 people, 235 households, and 173 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,251.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 244 housing units at an average density of {{convert|899.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.16% of the population.

There were 235 households, out of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.0% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,167, and the median income for a family was $36,635. Males had a median income of $30,250 versus $18,036 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,131. About 10.2% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.

