==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 702
|1920= 1197
|1930= 1315
|1940= 1606
|1950= 1754
|1960= 1411
|1970= 1112
|1980= 1240
|1990= 1104
|2000= 1113
|2010= 1093
|2020= 780
|footnote=source:<ref>{{cite web|url = http://mcdc.missouri.edu/trends/tables/cities1900-1990.pdf|title = Missouri Population 1900 - 1990|format = [[comma-separated values|CSV]]|publisher = Missouri Census Data Center|date =|accessdate = 6 October 2014|archive-url = https://web.archive.org/web/20140704072802/http://mcdc.missouri.edu/trends/tables/cities1900-1990.pdf|archive-date = 4 July 2014|url-status = dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,093 people, 418 households, and 281 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|610.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 458 housing units at an average density of {{convert|255.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.27% of the population.

There were 418 households, of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.8% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 39.1 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 24.2% were from 45 to 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,113 people, 430 households, and 288 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|618.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 465 housing units at an average density of {{convert|258.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.99% of the population.

There were 430 households, out of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 85.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,208, and the median income for a family was $31,094. Males had a median income of $26,406 versus $19,821 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,556. About 21.5% of families and 25.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.6% of those under age 18 and 27.1% of those age 65 or over.

