==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 770
|1920= 1856
|1930= 1473
|1940= 1547
|1950= 1733
|1960= 1734
|1970= 1375
|1980= 1181
|1990= 1049
|2000= 1062
|2010= 997
|2020= 955
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> there were 997 people, 478 households and 267 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1719.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 585 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1008.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 478 households, of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.1% were non-families. 40.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the city was 49.8 years. 19.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 26.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 1,062 people, 496 households and 281 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,842.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 599 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,039.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.75% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.98% of the population.

There were 496 households, of which 21.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.3% were non-families. 41.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.79.

20.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 27.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females there were 91.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.8 males.

The [[median household income]] was $23,636 and the median family income was $34,205. Males had a median income of $22,750 compared with $19,265 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $13,717. About 4.7% of families and 10.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.0% of those under age 18 and 14.1% of those age 65 or over.

