==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 289
|2010= 236
|2020= 424
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 289 people, 138 households, and 77 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|71.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 625 housing units at an average density of {{convert|154.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the community was 95.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.04% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.04% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.38% of the population. 

There are 554 homes on Fishers Island, approximately 80% of which are seasonal residences.<ref>https://southoldtownny.gov/123/Comprehensive-Plan</ref>

There were 138 households, out of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were married couples living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.5% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 2.1% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.2 males.

The median income for a household in the community was $50,521, and the median income for a family was $59,583. Males had a median income of $47,917 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $31,652. About 4.5% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.9% of those 65 or over.

