==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1900= 1106
|1910= 1033
|1920= 1156
|1930= 1117
|1940= 1201
|1950= 1175
|1960= 1128
|1970= 1040
|1980= 981
|1990= 1120
|2000= 963
|2010= 907
|2020= 1138
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1132
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 1083 people, 395 households, and 270 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,774.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

There were 415 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,195.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 95.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.52% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.83% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.49% of the population.

There were 395 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of eighteen living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of eighteen, 7.3% from eighteen to twenty-four, 30.7% from twenty-five to forty-four, 27.2% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 11.8% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-eight years. For every one hundred females, there were 85.9 males. For every one hundred females aged eighteen and over, there were 91.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $41,917, and the median income for a family was $44,821. Males had a median income of $34,688 versus $26,513 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $18,029.

About 4.8% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.6% of those under age 18 and 3.6% of those age 65 or over.

