==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 119
|1880= 784
|1920= 784
|1930= 936
|1940= 925
|1950= 1025
|1960= 1863
|1970= 1967
|1980= 1789
|1990= 1912
|2000= 2128
|2010= 2001
|2020= 2009
|footnote=U.S. decennial census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2020, there were 2,009 people, 1048 households, and 623 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,826.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 900 housing units at an average density of {{convert|818.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 85.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.03% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.59% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.84% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.05% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.77% of the population.

There were 1048 households, out of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 28.9% had a female householder with no husband present. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 2.6% from 15 to 19, 4.1% from 20 to 24, 19.4% from 25 to 34, 13.9% from 35 to 44, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 105 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $60,469 and the median income for a family was $69,417. Males had a median income of $55,227 versus $52,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $33,499. About 9.1% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40% of those under age 18 and 2.4% of those age 65 or over.

