==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 149
|1920= 184
|1930= 137
|1940= 200
|1950= 258
|1960= 201
|1970= 232
|1980= 264
|1990= 211
|2000= 216
|2010= 177
|2020= 177
|estyear=2021
|estimate=173
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 8, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 16, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 11, 2013}}</ref>{{cbignore}}<br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 177 people, 78 households, and 44 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|171.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|90.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 78 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.6% were non-families. 37.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 40.8 years. 22% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.4% were from 25 to 44; 32.8% were from 45 to 64; and 10.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.0% male and 48.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 216 people, 91 households, and 56 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|211.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 97 housing units at an average density of {{convert|94.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.85% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.09% of the population.

There were 91 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.4% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.5% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,477, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,321.  About 10.3% of families and 16.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.8% of those 65 or over.

