==Demographics==
===2010 census===
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 394
|1980= 522
|1990= 407
|2000= 416
|2010= 432
|2020= 462
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> there were 432 people, 162 households, and 110 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|480.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 174 housing units at an average density of {{convert|193.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 86.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 7.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.8% of the population.

There were 162 households, of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.1% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the village was 34.5 years. 27.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 11.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 416 people, 157 households, and 118 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|420.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 92.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.92% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.13% of the population.

There were 157 households, out of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.8% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,357, and the median income for a family was $32,917. Males had a median income of $31,944 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,846.  About 13.7% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.6% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.

