==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 169
| 1900 = 573
| 1910 = 643
| 1920 = 653
| 1930 = 651
| 1940 = 662
| 1950 = 707
| 1960 = 632
| 1970 = 794
| 1980 = 803
| 1990 = 802
| 2000 = 806
| 2010 = 825
| 2020 = 807
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 825 people, 360 households, and 228 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1650.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 396 housing units at an average density of {{convert|792.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 360 households, of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.7% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the village was 40.8 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 806 people, 346 households, and 206 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,837.4 people per square mile (707.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 376 housing units at an average density of 857.1 per square mile (329.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.37% of the population.

There were 346 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.2% were non-families. 35.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,313, and the median income for a family was $51,776. Males had a median income of $31,908 versus $26,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,104. About 6.7% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.6% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

