==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 84
|1970= 56
|1980= 53
|1990= 40
|2000= 40
|2010= 34
|2020= 26
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 34 people, 12 households, and 8 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|485.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 14 housing units at an average density of {{convert|200.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 12 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.50.

The median age in the village was 41.5 years. 17.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 17.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 41.2% were from 45 to 64; and 2.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.9% male and 47.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 40 people, 14 households, and 9 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|562.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 16 housing units at an average density of {{convert|225.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.50% of the population.

There were 14 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.40.

In the town the population was spread out, with 32.5% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 17.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 90.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 125.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $51,667 versus $11,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,024. There were 30.0% of families and 29.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 28.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

