==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 287
|1970= 362
|1980= 283
|1990= 147
|2000= 175
|2010= 181
|2020= 120
|estyear=2022
|estimate=120
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 1, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 1, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 181 people, 84 households, and 48 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|247.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 187 housing units at an average density of {{convert|256.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.5% from two or more races.

There were 84 households, of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 38.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age in the city was 45.8 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.6% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 18.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 65.7% male and 34.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 175 people, 93 households, and 50 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|360.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|286.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.86% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.57% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.57% of the population. 38.3% were of [[Norwegians|Norwegian]], 11.7% [[Germans|German]], 9.2% [[United States|American]], 9.2% [[Swedish people|Swedish]], 5.8% [[Finns|Finnish]], 5.0% [[English people|English]], and 5.0% [[Irish people|Irish]] ancestry.

There were 93 households, out of which 14.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.2% were non-families. Individuals comprised 40.9% of all households, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.88 and the average family size was 2.48.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 15.4% under the age of 18, 10.9% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $47,500. Males had a median income of $30,893 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,415. About 15.9% of families and 21.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 44.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.4% of those sixty-five or over.

