==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 510
|1920= 318
|1930= 303
|1940= 327
|1950= 359
|1960= 304
|1970= 376
|1980= 374
|1990= 406
|2000= 447
|2010= 394
|2020= 397
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 394 people, 161 households, and 103 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|303.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 190 housing units at an average density of {{convert|146.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 161 households, of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.0% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the village was 37.8 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 11% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 23.3% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 447 people, 159 households, and 114 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|392.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 185 housing units at an average density of {{convert|162.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.57% of the population.

There were 159 households, out of which 44.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.3% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.6% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 16.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $21,136 versus $22,639 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,600. About 16.3% of families and 21.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.2% of those under age 18 and 17.7% of those age 65 or over.

