==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 183
|1960= 2334
|1970= 3182
|1980= 4083
|1990= 5347
|2000= 6472
|2010= 7085
|2020= 7185
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 7,085 people, 2,776 households, and 1,858 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|752.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,974 housing units at an average density of {{convert|316.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 2,776 households, of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.1% were non-families. Some 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 41.8 years. Around 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.8% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 13% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 6,472 people, 2,553 households, and 1,856 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 680.2 people per square mile (262.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 2,685 housing units at an average density of 282.2 per square mile (108.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 97.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.57% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.96% from two or more races. Some 1.47% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 2,553 households, out of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them. Around 61.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. About 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $61,938, and the median income for a family was $71,955. Males had a median income of $51,656 versus $30,253 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $31,602. About 2.3% of families and 3.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.3% of those under age 18 and 1.4% of those age 65 or over.

