==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 159
|1890= 309
|1900= 468
|1910= 452
|1920= 447
|1930= 435
|1940= 364
|1950= 292
|1960= 300
|1970= 289
|1980= 293
|1990= 233
|2000= 252
|2010= 253
|2020= 268
|estyear=2023
|estimate=275
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=July 13, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 13, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 253 people, 106 households, and 72 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|121.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|55.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.8% from two or more races.

There were 106 households, of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.1% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the city was 39.6 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 33.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 10.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 252 people, 107 households, and 75 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|121.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|54.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.19% from two or more races.

There were 107 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,607, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $26,806 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,652. About 5.1% of families and 6.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.9% of those 65 or over.

