==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 1437
|1920= 1446
|1930= 1494
|1940= 1528
|1950= 1712
|1960= 1696
|1970= 1515
|1980= 1456
|1990= 1214
|2000= 1081
|2010= 1096
|2020= 961
|estyear=2022
|estimate=930
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 20, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 20, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,096 people, 480 households, and 281 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|883.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 558 housing units at an average density of {{convert|450.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 480 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.5% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 46.7 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 23.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,081 people, 468 households, and 278 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|872.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 553 housing units at an average density of {{convert|446.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.19% of the population.

There were 468 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.4% were non-families. 38.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.9% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 30.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,057, and the median income for a family was $40,125. Males had a median income of $27,031 versus $17,826 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,428. About 10.0% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of those under age 18 and 11.1% of those age 65 or over.

