==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 437
|1890= 568
|1900= 846
|1910= 1015
|1920= 1240
|1930= 1273
|1940= 1304
|1950= 1523
|1960= 2213
|1970= 2399
|1980= 2942
|1990= 3042
|2000= 3061
|2010= 2746
|2020= 2746
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,746 people, 1,178 households, and 726 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1220.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,370 housing units at an average density of {{convert|608.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 1,178 households, of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.4% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the village was 41.6 years. 22% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,061 people, 1,274 households, and 789 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,444.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,341 housing units at an average density of {{convert|632.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.03% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.49% of the population.

There were 1,274 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.0% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,679, and the median income for a family was $43,333. Males had a median income of $32,882 versus $21,014 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,512. About 8.3% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.5% of those under age 18 and 5.0% of those age 65 or over.

