==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1930 = 426
| 1940 = 357
| 1950 = 336
| 1960 = 308
| 1970 = 239
| 1980 = 185
| 1990 = 113
| 2000 = 115
| 2010 = 109
| 2020 = 93
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 115 people, 53 households, and 34 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|189.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|107.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 84.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.61% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.87% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 9.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.04% of the population.

There were 53 households, out of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were married couples living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.0% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 19.1% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 18.3% from 25 to 44, 38.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 121.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $15,625, and the median income for a family was $21,250. Males had a median income of $19,063 versus $16,250 for females. The per capita income for the town was $11,213. There were 31.0% of families and 32.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 18.2% of under eighteens and 48.3% of those over 64.

