==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 160
|1950= 400
|1960= 576
|1970= 688
|1980= 527
|1990= 434
|2000= 515
|2010= 555
|2020= 505
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 555 people, 230 households, and 157 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1585.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 242 housing units at an average density of {{convert|691.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 85.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 7.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.6% of the population.

There were 230 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.7% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the town was 49.7 years. 20.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15% were from 25 to 44; 46.3% were from 45 to 64; and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 515 people, 208 households, and 143 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,563.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 209 housing units at an average density of {{convert|634.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.58% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.08% of the population.

There were 208 households, out of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.91. There is an average of 1.8 cats per family in Washington Grove.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 3.5% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 37.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $92,398, and the median income for a family was $97,029. Males had a median income of $70,750 versus $48,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $38,332. None of the families and 0.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no one under eighteen and no one over 64.

