==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 2692
|1960= 106
|1970= 130
|1980= 130
|1990= 81
|2000= 97
|2010= 89
|2020= 1344
| estyear = 2022
| estimate = 1379
|estref={{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=March 21, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210321050514/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 Census]], 97 people, 35 households, and 26 families were residing in the town.<ref name="GR2" /> The population density was {{convert|498.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The 37 housing units had an average density of {{convert|190.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[race (U.S. Census)|racial makeup]] of the town was 95.88% White, 2.06% Native American, and 2.06% from two or more races. One person (1.03% of the population) was Hispanic or Latino of any race.

Of the 35 households, 28.6% had children under 18 living with them, 65.7% were married couples living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.7% were not families. About 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the town, the age distribution was 21.6% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.9 males. For every 100 females 18 and over, there were 111.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $44,063, and for a family was $55,000. Males had a median income of $43,750 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,518. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

