==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 187
|1880= 638
|1890= 730
|1900= 767
|1910= 801
|1920= 793
|1930= 690
|1940= 717
|1950= 725
|1960= 725
|1970= 633
|1980= 823
|1990= 727
|2000= 768
|2010= 691
|2020= 702
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 691 people, 268 households, and 194 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1919.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 322 housing units at an average density of {{convert|894.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 268 households, of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.6% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the town was 40.1 years. 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 768 people, 286 households, and 205 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,118.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 305 housing units at an average density of {{convert|841.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.69% of the population.

There were 286 households, out of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.3% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $42,688, and the median income for a family was $44,514. Males had a median income of $31,792 versus $28,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,482. About 6.7% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.5% of those under age 18 and 10.1% of those age 65 or over.

