==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 161
| 1980 = 157
| 1990 = 192
| 2000 = 144
| 2010 = 145
| 2020 = 144
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 148
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 144 people, 57 households, and 44 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 55.6/km{{sup|2}} (143.9/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 68 housing units at an average density of 26.3/km{{sup|2}} (68.0/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.61% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.69% from two or more races. 1.39% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 57 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.8% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 8, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,406, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $30,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,593. There were none of the families and 4.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 12.9% of those over 64.

