==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 136
|1980= 232
|1990= 626
|2000= 787
|2010= 575
|2020= 921
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_DP_DPDP1|title=American FactFinder - Results|publisher=United States Census Bureau|website=factfinder.census.gov|access-date=February 25, 2020|archive-url=https://wayback.archive-it.org/all/20151023151502/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|archive-date=October 23, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref> of 2010, there were 575 people, 296 households, and 204 families residing in the town. There were 2,335 housing units with 296 being occupied and 2,039 being vacant. The racial makeup of the town was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 296 households, out of which 7.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.28.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 6.4% under the age of 18, 54.3% from 18 to 64, and 39.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 62.1 years. The male population was 278 or 48.3%. The female population was 297 or 51.7%.

The economic characteristics are based on the [[American Community Survey]]<ref>{{cite web |url=http://factfinder2.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid%3DACS_11_5YR_DP03 |title=Archived copy |access-date=March 17, 2013 |url-status=dead |archive-url=http://webarchive.loc.gov/all/20190405142507/http://factfinder2.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_11_5YR_DP03 |archive-date=April 5, 2019 }}</ref> from 2007 to 2011. The median income for a household in the town was $52,206, and the median income for a family was $77,639. Males had a median income of $52,214 versus $63,1285 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $46,994. About 10.8% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].

