==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 110
|1920= 208
|1930= 246
|1940= 267
|1950= 223
|1960= 243
|1970= 221
|1980= 244
|1990= 224
|2000= 199
|2010= 172
|2020= 183
|estyear=2023
|estimate=178
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 172 people, 67 households, and 47 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1433.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|633.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.0% of the population.

There were 67 households, of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.9% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the village was 39.8 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 199 people, 68 households, and 56 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,210.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|866.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.51% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.51% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.03% of the population.

There were 68 households, out of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.6% were non-families. 16.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.7% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 111.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $54,063, and the median income for a family was $58,125. Males had a median income of $40,625 versus $25,662 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,934. None of the families and 1.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

