==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 267
|1870= 1485
|1880= 1937
|1890= 2959
|1900= 4629
|1910= 5316
|1920= 6102
|1930= 6490
|1940= 6615
|1950= 6565
|1960= 6318
|1970= 6095
|1980= 5826
|1990= 5914
|2000= 5537
|2010= 5500
|2020= 5248
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places - Pennsylvania: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013 (PEPANNRES)|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/PEP/2013/PEPANNRES/0400000US42.16200|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=April 2, 2015|archive-url=https://archive.today/20150310194102/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/PEP/2013/PEPANNRES/0400000US42.16200|archive-date=March 10, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 5,537 people, 2,362 households, and 1,506 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,230.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,546 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,485.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.45% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.09% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.04% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.67% of the population. The plurality of Lehighton residents are of [[Irish people|Irish]] descent. There are also substantial populations of [[Italian people|Italian]], [[Polish people|Polish]], [[German people|German]] and [[Slovaks|Slovak]] heritage.

There were 2,362 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.2% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 21.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.5 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $28,566, and the median income for a family was $35,673. Males had a median income of $30,590 versus $22,466 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $14,861. About 10.8% of families and 14.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.9% of those under age 18 and 6.0% of those age 65 or over.

