==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 990
| 2010 = 1392
| 2020 = 996
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 990 people, 480 households, and 312 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|187.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,230 housing units at an average density of {{convert|232.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.61% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.21% of the population.

There were 480 households, out of which 15.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.53.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 15.3% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 16.6% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 33.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $31,429, and the median income for a family was $36,563. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $18,869 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,393. About 4.3% of families and 6.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.8% of those under age 18 and 5.4% of those age 65 or over.

As of the 2010 census, the population for Lewiston, Michigan was 1,392. The population was more female dominated, with there being 718 females compared to 674 males. The total number of households for the 2010 census was 689, with 413 of these households being family households. The average household size was around two. Of this total household number, 318(46.2%) of them include married couples. 22(3.2%) of them include a male householder with no wife present, and 73(10.6%) of them include a female householder with no husband present. The total number of households that have one or more people under the age of 18 years is 131(19.0%); 558(80.9%) households have no people under the age of 18 years. The remaining number of 276(40.1%) households is made up of nonfamily households.<ref>{{cite web|url=http://suburbanstats.org/population/michigan/how-many-people-live-in-lewiston|title=Current Lewiston, Michigan Population, Demographics and stats in 2016, 2017.|last=suburbanstats.org|date=|website=SuburbanStats.org|accessdate=31 May 2017}}</ref>

The median income for Lewiston residents was $31,576. Lewiston households made slightly more than those in the surrounding cities of [[Alpena, Michigan|Alpena]] and [[Cadillac, Michigan|Cadillac]], but their poverty level was 26.4%.<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.michigan-demographics.com/lewiston-demographics|title=Lewiston Demographics - Get Current Census Data for Lewiston, MI|author=|date=|website=www.michigan-demographics.com|accessdate=31 May 2017}}</ref>

