==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 603
|1920= 1082
|1930= 860
|1940= 912
|1950= 929
|1960= 1229
|1970= 1195
|1980= 1119
|1990= 1043
|2000= 1017
|2010= 1037
|2020= 1380
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,037 people, 442 households, and 261 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1026.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 495 housing units at an average density of {{convert|490.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 442 households, of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were married couples living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.0% were non-families. 36.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the town was 43.3 years. 23.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 25.2% were from 45 to 64; and 23.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.4% male and 54.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,017 people, 431 households, and 252 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,008.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 494 housing units at an average density of {{convert|489.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.59% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.18% from two or more races. 1.47% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 431 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were married couples living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.3% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 92.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,120, and the median income for a family was $30,268. Males had a median income of $31,731 versus $18,214 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,619. About 19.5% of families and 22.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.5% of those under age 18 and 6.4% of those age 65 or over.

