==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 274
|1870= 11
|1950= 1218
|1960= 1214
|1970= 1105
|1980= 883
|1990= 1003
|2000= 973
|2010= 1152
|2020= 1008
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Gaston racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3725560&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov|archive-date=December 24, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20211224164935/https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3725560&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|url-status=live}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 502
| 49.8%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 447
| 44.35%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 10
| 0.99%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 34
| 3.37%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 15
| 1.49%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,008 people, 567 households, and 341 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 973 people, 429 households, and 296 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|575.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 479 housing units at an average density of {{convert|283.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 66.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 31.76% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.03% of the population.

There were 429 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,824, and the median income for a family was $29,375. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $18,819 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,247. About 18.2% of families and 21.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.5% of those under age 18 and 18.4% of those age 65 or over.

