==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 347
|1890= 397
|1900= 404
|1910= 546
|1920= 650
|1930= 620
|1940= 588
|1950= 668
|1960= 721
|1970= 740
|1980= 669
|1990= 825
|2000= 1217
|2010= 1406
|2020= 1313
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1306
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

At the 2010 census, the borough was 85.6% White, 7.4% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 0.2% Asian, and 1.5% were two or more races. 5.8% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>{{Cite web |title=USA Today PA Census Profile |url=https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |url-status=dead |website=[[USA Today]] |access-date=2017-08-24 |archive-date=2012-02-15 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20120215053518/http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA }}</ref>

As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 1,217 people, 413 households, and 317 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,377.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 429 housing units at an average density of {{convert|485.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 88.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.38% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.93% of the population.

There were 413 households, out of which 46.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.2% were non-families. 17.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.95 and the average family size was 3.33.

The population in Atglen comprised 34.2% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 32.4% from 25 to 44, 16.6% from 45 to 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females there were 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.8 males.

The median [[income]] for a household in the borough was $59,167 according to 2016 Census figures.<ref name="census.gov">{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?q=Atglen+borough%2C+PA&page=1&stateGeo=none&searchtype=web|title = Search Results}}</ref> Males had a median income of $38,553 versus $25,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,732. About 11.9% of families and 16.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.5% of those under age 18 and 6.1% of those age 65 or over.

