==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1860= 221
|1870= 256
|1880= 312
|1890= 296
|1900= 343
|1910= 298
|1920= 284
|1930= 404
|1940= 408
|1950= 569
|1960= 742
|1970= 921
|1980= 1020
|1990= 954
|2000= 908
|2010= 1240
|2020= 1426
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1446
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were nine hundred and eight people, three hundred and sixty-one households and two hundred and fifty-eight families living in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|914.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were three hundred seventy-seven housing units at an average density of {{convert|379.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 97.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.66% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.88% of the population.

There were three hundred sixty-one households, out of which 33.5% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 61.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.5% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of eighteen, 7.0% from eighteen to twenty-four, 27.8% from twenty-five to forty-four, 23.5% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 15.6% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-seven years.

For every one hundred females there were 92.0 males. For every one hundred females aged eighteen and over, there were 88.0 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $37,857, and the median income for a family was $47,266. Males had a median income of $35,875 compared with that of $22,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $18,101.

Roughly 3.9% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of those under age 18 and 2.9% of those age 65 or over.

{{commons category}}

