==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 153
|2020= 70
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{Cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |access-date=June 4, 2016 |publisher=Census.gov}}</ref>
}}
Buckshot first appeared on the 2010 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).<ref>{{Cite web |last=U.S. Census Bureau |date=October 2012 |title=Arizona: 2010 - Summary Population and Housing Characteristics |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2012/dec/cph-1-4.pdf |publisher=U.S. Government Printing Office}}</ref>

As of the 2010 census, there were 153 people living in the CDP: 85 male and 68 female. 29 were 19 years old or younger, 10 were ages 20–34, 13 were between the ages of 35 and 49, 28 were between 50 and 64, and the remaining 73 were aged 65 and above. The median age was 63.8 years.

The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.2% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.3% [[Race (United States Census)|American Indian]] 0.7% [[Race (United States Census)|Black or African American]], 2.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Other]], and 2% [[Race (United States Census)|two or more races]].  29.4% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 66 households in the CDP, 51 family households (77.3%) and 15 non-family households (22.7%), with an average household size of 2.32. Of the family households, 44 were married couples living together, 1 single father and 6 single mothers; while the non-family households included 14 adults living alone: 10 male and 4 female.

The CDP contained 75 housing units, of which 66 were occupied and 9 were vacant.<ref name="GR2">{{Cite web |title=American FactFinder: Buckshot CDP, Arizona |url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US0408020 |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213044425/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US0408020 |archive-date=February 13, 2020 |access-date=November 7, 2016 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

