==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 604
|1920= 561
|1930= 263
|1940= 226
|1950= 891
|1960= 766
|1970= 562
|1980= 879
|1990= 497
|2000= 635
|2010= 649
|2020= 471
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Shoshoni_town,_Wyoming?g=160XX00US5670570#populations-and-people|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=August 5, 2024}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="2020census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Shoshoni_town,_Wyoming?g=160XX00US56705700|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=August 5, 2024}}</ref> of 2020, there were 471 people and 237 households residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|181.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 278 housing units at an average density of {{convert|94.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 6.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.8% of the population.

There were 237 households, of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.7% were married couples living together, 17.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 36.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% were age 65 or older. The average family size was 4.06.

The median age in the town was 40.4 years. 35.2% of residents were under the age of 20; 8.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 29.5% were from 25 to 44; 41.0% were from 45 to 64; and 21.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="2010census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Shoshoni_town,_Wyoming?g=160XX00US5670570|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 649 people, 278 households, and 180 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|181.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 337 housing units at an average density of {{convert|94.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 5.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.6% of the population.

There were 278 households, of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were married couples living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the town was 39.3 years. 25.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 635 people, 246 households, and 171 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 192.1 people per square mile (74.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 322 housing units at an average density of 97.4 per square mile (37.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.94% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.94% of the population.

There were 246 households, out of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were married couples living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.4% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $37,045. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $14,479 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,584. About 7.1% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of those under age 18 and 16.5% of those age 65 or over.

