==Demographics==
<!-- As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 648 people, 225 households, and 166 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|1,567.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 245 housing units at an average density of {{convert|592.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 55.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.77% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.62% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 35.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 79.32% of the population.

There were 225 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.8% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 126.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $30,234, and the median income for a family was $32,031. Males had a median income of $26,339 versus $16,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,591.  About 21.8% of families and 23.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.2% of those under age 18 and 28.7% of those age 65 or over.
 -->
The [[United States Census Bureau]] initially defined the {{nowrap|Salt Creek CDP}} for the {{nowrap|[[United States Census 2000]].}}
{{Historical populations
|title  = Salt Creek CDP, Colorado
|type   = US
|align  = left
|source = [[United States Census Bureau]]
|2000|648
|2010|587
|2020|507
}}

