==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 280
|1920= 132
|1930= 183
|1940= 182
|1950= 186
|1960= 194
|1970= 155
|1980= 186
|1990= 173
|2000= 164
|2010= 126
|2020= 131
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 126 people, 66 households, and 32 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|406.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|274.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 66 households, of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 51.5% were non-families. 43.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.91 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the town was 53 years. 16.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.2% were from 25 to 44; 41.2% were from 45 to 64; and 24.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 57.1% male and 42.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 164 people, 75 households, and 44 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|842.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|452.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.71% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.88% of the population.

There were 75 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.3% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 18.3% from 25 to 44, 35.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,680. About 18.0% of families and 18.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.5% of those 65 or over.

