==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 335
|1930= 100
|2000= 28
|2010= 37
|2020= 32
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 28 people, 11 households, and 7 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|66.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 14 housing units at an average density of {{convert|33.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]].

There were 11 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 27.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 61.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $11,875, and the median income for a family was $10,625. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $4,619. There were 63.6% of families and 62.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 66.7% of under eighteens and 71.4% of those over 64.

