==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 116
|1960= 159
|1970= 171
|1980= 191
|1990= 224
|2000= 180
|2010= 156
|2020= 153
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 156 people, 92 households, and 41 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|185.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 164 housing units at an average density of {{convert|195.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 92 households, of which 10.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 55.4% were non-families. 48.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 35.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.70 and the average family size was 2.39.

The median age in the city was 63.8 years. 11.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 9.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 48.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 43.6% male and 56.4% female.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,167, and the median income for a family was $27,917. Males had a median income of $16,563 versus $8,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,162.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 180 people, 103 households, and 52 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|301.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|251.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.56% of the population.

There were 103 households, out of which 9.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 49.5% were non-families. 48.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 35.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.75 and the average family size was 2.46.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 11.7% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 11.7% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 48.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 64 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,818, and the median income for a family was $39,583. Males had a median income of $20,625 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $26,524. None of the families and 5.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 6.2% of those over 64.

