==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 142
|1960= 169
|1970= 363
|1980= 511
|1990= 451
|2000= 554
|2010= 483
|2020= 439
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
Glennallen first appeared on the 1950 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=December 27, 1996 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 554 people, 204 households, and 136 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|4.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 269 housing units at an average density of 0.9/km<sup>2</sup> (2.4/sq&nbsp;mi).  The racial makeup of the CDP was 85.20% [[White Americans|White]], 0.18% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 5.05% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American or Alaska Native]], 0.18% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 1.44% [[Pacific Islands Americans|Pacific Islander]], and 7.94% from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].  0.54% of the population were [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race.

Of the 204 households, 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.31.

The age distribution was 31.8% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 5.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,846, and the median income for a family was $40,909. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $28,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,084.  About 4.6% of families and 8.04% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.8% of those under age 18 and 3.1% of those age 65 or over.

