==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 338
| 1890 = 253
| 1900 = 319
| 1910 = 244
| 1920 = 250
| 1930 = 239
| 1940 = 297
| 1950 = 226
| 1960 = 223
| 1970 = 200
| 1980 = 237
| 1990 = 282
| 2000 = 355
| 2010 = 381
| 2020 = 312
| footnote = Source: U.S. Census Bureau<ref name=census>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 18, 2011}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 355 people, 116 households, and 88 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 45.5 people per square mile (17.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 149 housing units at an average density of 19.1 per square mile (7.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 99.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.94% of the population.

There were 116 households, out of which 38.8% had children under 18 living with them, 71.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.3% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.06, and the average family size was 3.62.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 34.1% under 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.6 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 101.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,938, and the median income for a family was $38,500. Males had a median income of $24,722 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,322. About 5.4% of families and 8.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.0% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

