==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1396
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]], there were 1,415 people in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|416.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 686 housing units at an average density of {{convert|201.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, 0.5% [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.6% of the population.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US3279400| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212132914/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US3279400| url-status=dead| archive-date=February 12, 2020| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (DP-1): Verdi CDP, Nevada| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| access-date=January 17, 2013}}</ref>

There were 641 households, out of which 20.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were headed by [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21, and the average family size was 2.66.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 14.4% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 17.3% from 25 to 44, 41.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.3 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

For the period 2007–2011, the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $79,324, and the median income for a family was $96,518. Male full-time workers had a median income of $51,464 versus $77,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $87,680. About 3.3% of families and 4.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.0% of those under age 18 and 0% of those age 65 or over.<ref>{{cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/11_5YR/DP03/1600000US3279400| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212084607/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/11_5YR/DP03/1600000US3279400| url-status=dead| archive-date=February 12, 2020| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2007-2011 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): Verdi CDP, Nevada| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| access-date=January 17, 2013}}</ref>

