==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1305
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 1,028 people, 363 households and 284 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|907.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 386 housing units at an average density of {{convert|340.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup was 97.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.75% [[African American (U.S. census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.07% of the population.

There were 363 households, of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.5% were non-families. 16.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.08.

27.2% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.8 males.

The [[median household income]] was $41,875 and the median family income was $44,583. Males had a median income of $31,800 and females $21,917. The [[per capita income]] was $18,700. About 1.8% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.0% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.

