==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 193
|1920= 323
|1930= 419
|1940= 489
|1950= 484
|1960= 427
|1970= 313
|1980= 253
|1990= 197
|2000= 141
|2010= 86
|2020= 82
|estyear=2022
|estimate=82
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 6, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 6, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=November 12, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

There are several [[Wrought-iron cross sites of St. John's Cemetery (Zeeland, North Dakota)]], in or near Zeeland, which are listed on the [[National Register of Historic Places]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 86 people, 48 households, and 25 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|286.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|330.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 48 households, out of which 14.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.9% were non-families. 45.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.79 and the average family size was 2.44.

The median age in the city was 56 years. 14% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 to 44; 30.3% were from 45 to 64; and 36% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.3% male and 54.7% female.

===2000 census===
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/map_data_results&state_id=38&place_id=88180&cty_id=|title=Data Center Results}}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 65.79%
|-
| Spoke [[German language|German]] at home || 34.21%
|-
|}

As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 141 people, 73 households, and 40 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|471.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|344.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.71% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.71% of the population.

There were 73 households, out of which 19.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.2% were non-families. 45.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 37.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.1% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 17.0% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 40.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 57 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $18,000, and the median income for a family was $28,125. Males had a median income of $19,583 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,268. There were 14.8% of families and 29.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 28.6% of under eighteens and 30.4% of those over 64.

