==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 244
|1920= 306
|1930= 373
|1940= 545
|1950= 951
|1960= 1224
|1970= 987
|1980= 1193
|1990= 980
|2000= 872
|2010= 1100
|2020= 898
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,100 people, 467 households, and 303 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|371.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 539 housing units at an average density of {{convert|182.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the town was 95.6% White, 0.2% African American, 1.7% Native American, 0.5% Asian, 0.7% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 467 households, of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.1% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the town was 38.4 years. 25.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 872 people, 359 households, and 255 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 663.8 people per square mile (257.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 441 housing units at an average density of 335.7 per square mile (130.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the town was 95.99% White, 0.69% Native American, 0.34% Asian, 0.34% from other races, and 2.64% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.83% of the population.

There were 359 households, out of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.7% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,053, and the median income for a family was $39,091. Males had a median income of $40,208 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,165. About 6.7% of families and 11.1% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 10.2% of those under age 18 and 14.4% of those age 65 or over.

