==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 285
|1920= 290
|1930= 316
|1940= 331
|1950= 328
|1960= 354
|1970= 436
|1980= 495
|1990= 478
|2000= 484
|2010= 489
|2020= 444
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 489 people, 206 households, and 121 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|619.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 220 housing units at an average density of {{convert|278.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 206 households, of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.3% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the village was 40.1 years. 26.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 16% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 484 people, 203 households, and 126 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 612.5 people per square mile (236.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 218 housing units at an average density of 275.9 per square mile (106.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.41% from two or more races.

There were 203 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.9% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,909, and the median income for a family was $41,944. Males had a median income of $24,750 versus $22,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,631. About 7.9% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.6% of those under age 18 and 15.0% of those age 65 or over.

