==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 150
| 1910 = 168
| 1920 = 297
| 1930 = 342
| 1940 = 333
| 1950 = 299
| 1960 = 236
| 1970 = 246
| 1980 = 246
| 1990 = 157
| 2000 = 145
| 2010 = 124
| 2020 = 143
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 136
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census|census of 2000]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 145 people, 53 households and 46 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|430.7|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|181.2|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[Race (United States census)|White]].

There were 53 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.9% were married couples living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.2% were non-families. 13.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.8% had someone who was living alone who was age 65 or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the age distribution of the population showed 24.8% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,833, and the median income for a family was $22,083. Males had a median income of $20,250, compared with $25,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,942. About 10.0% of families and 20.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 72.2% of residents under 18 and none of those over 64.

