==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1880= 472
|1890= 328
|1900= 327
|1910= 310
|1920= 284
|1930= 279
|1940= 202
|1950= 239
|1960= 246
|1970= 276
|1980= 364
|1990= 354
|2000= 374
|2010= 350
|2020= 347
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 350 people, 137 households, and 94 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|318.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 165 housing units at an average density of {{convert|150.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 137 households, of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.4% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the village was 40.3 years. 26.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 374 people, 139 households, and 97 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|343.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 169 housing units at an average density of {{convert|155.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 97.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.80% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.53% of the population.

There were 139 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,929, and the median income for a family was $46,000. Males had a median income of $25,694 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,584.  About 8.8% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.9% of those under age 18 and 22.6% of those age 65 or over.

