==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
| 1980 = 638
| 1990 = 495
| 2000 = 408
| 2010 = 404
| 2020 = 285
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 286
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 404 people, 148 households, and 104 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|939.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 200 housing units at an average density of {{convert|465.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 148 households, of which 39.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.7% were non-families. 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the town was 30.9 years. 29.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 5.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 408 people, 149 households, and 101 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|922.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 228 housing units at an average density of {{convert|515.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.70% of the population.

There were 149 households, out of which 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.2% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.6% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $28,000 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,891. About 25.0% of families and 29.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 45.0% of those under age 18 and 23.7% of those age 65 or over.

