==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 62
|2000= 63
|2010= 48
|2020= 36
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Port Protection first appeared on the 1990 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 63 people, 31 households, and 12 families in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|14.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|11.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 87.30% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.59% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 11.11% from two or more races. [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.76%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the 31 households, 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.3% were married couples living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.6% were non-families. 48.4% of households were one person, and 12.9% were one person aged 65 or older. One household housed the mayor Bill McNeff. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.80.{{citation needed|date=November 2020}}

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 31.7% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 9.5% 65 or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 152.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 152.6 males.{{citation needed|date=November 2020}}

The median household income was $10,938 and the median family income was $41,250. Males had a median income of $0 versus 51,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,058.  About 44.4% of families and 57.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 73.3% of under eighteens and 60.0% of those over 64.{{citation needed|date=November 2020}}{{Confusing|date=November 2021}}

