==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|271
|1920|260
|1930|261
|1940|251
|1950|278
|1960|337
|1970|424
|1980|448
|1990|515
|2000|688
|2010|917
|2020|954
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 954 people, 344 households, and 257 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 875.9 inhabitants per square mile (338.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 372 housing units at an average density of 341.5 per square mile (131.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 95.4% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.2% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from other races and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 3.1% of the population.

Of the 344 households, 46.2% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% were cohabitating couples, 23.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 15.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 25.3% of all households were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 35.2 years. 34.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.9% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 and 44; 26.0% were from 45 and 64; and 11.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 917 people, 330 households, and 260 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1993.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 336 housing units at an average density of {{convert|730.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 330 households, of which 46.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.2% were non-families. 17.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the town was 35.2 years. 33.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.3% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 9.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 688 people, 258 households, and 178 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,886.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 266 housing units at an average density of {{convert|729.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.16% of the population.

There were 258 households, out of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.4% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $42,143, and the median income for a family was $56,750. Males had a median income of $35,469 versus $23,594 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,953. About 4.6% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.0% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.

