==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 32
|1910= 1711
|1920= 1743
|1930= 846
|1940= 793
|1950= 734
|1960= 621
|1970= 547
|1980= 626
|1990= 542
|2000= 534
|2010= 456
|2020= 383
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Novinger is part of the [[Kirksville, Missouri|Kirksville]] [[Kirksville micropolitan area|Micropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 456 people, 206 households, and 124 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|577.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 246 housing units at an average density of {{convert|311.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 206 households, of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.8% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 44.5 years. 21.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.7% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 17.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 534 people, 225 households, and 152 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|662.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 246 housing units at an average density of {{convert|305.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.75% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.50% of the population.

There were 225 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the city the population was spread out, with 25.1% under the age of 18, 10.9% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 37&nbsp;years. For every 100 females, there were 103.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,990, and the median income for a family was $26,000. Males had a median income of $19,500 versus $17,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,586. About 14.9% of families and 15.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.7% of those under age 18 and 15.8% of those age 65 or over.

