==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 723
|1930= 1036
|1940= 1220
|1950= 1583
|1960= 1463
|1970= 1368
|1980= 1315
|1990= 1019
|2000= 808
|2010= 721
|2020= 653
|estyear=2022
|estimate=635
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 2, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 2, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=March 23, 2014}}</ref><br />2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 721 people, 315 households, and 191 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|801.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 415 housing units at an average density of {{convert|461.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.7% from two or more races.

There were 315 households, of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.4% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 52.9 years. 20.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 34% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 808 people, 362 households, and 205 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|894.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 441 housing units at an average density of {{convert|488.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.12% from two or more races.

There were 362 households, out of which 22.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.1% were non-families. 42.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 18.1% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 34.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,583, and the median income for a family was $33,929. Males had a median income of $24,327 versus $15,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,718. About 9.6% of families and 13.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.5% of those under age 18 and 13.6% of those age 65 or over.

