==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1800= 562
|1810= 1511
|1820= 1937
|1830= 2450
|1840= 2876
|1850= 4125
|1860= 3850
|1870= 3736
|1880= 4006
|1890= 4908
|1900= 5311
|1910= 4961
|1920= 4494
|1930= 3406
|1940= 3346
|1950= 3123
|1960= 2537
|1970= 1989
|1980= 1982
|1990= 1965
|2000= 1640
|2010= 1331
|2020= 1288
|align-fn=center
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing - U.S. Census Bureau|first=Carolyn Stewart|last=ACSD}}</ref>
}}

The population peaked at 5,311 in 1900. It has fallen more or less constantly since then to its population of 1,288 at the 2020 census.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-23}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,331 people, 670 households, and 355 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|366.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,083 housing units at an average density of {{convert|298.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 670 households, of which 16.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.0% were non-families. 40.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.56.

The median age in the city was 54.5 years. 14.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.6% were from 25 to 44; 38.2% were from 45 to 64; and 26.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,640 people, 750 households, and 444 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|447.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,061 housing units at an average density of {{convert|289.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.96% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.85% of the population.

There were 750 households, out of which 22.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.7% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.7% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 28.5% from 45 to 64, and 21.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,488, and the median income for a family was $31,328. Males had a median income of $22,875 versus $17,917 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,864. About 11.2% of families and 17.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.7% of those under age 18 and 12.3% of those age 65 or over.

