==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 945
| 1920 = 924
| 1930 = 736
| 1940 = 859
| 1950 = 760
| 1960 = 840
| 1970 = 573
| 1980 = 592
| 1990 = 735
| 2000 = 790
| 2010 = 705
| 2020 = 801
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=August 31, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 705 people, 295 households, and 179 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|577.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 358 housing units at an average density of {{convert|293.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 5.5% of the population.

There were 295 households, of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.3% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the town was 40.4 years. 26.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 32.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 790 people, 300 households, and 198 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 650.3 people per square mile (252.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 335 housing units at an average density of 275.8 per square mile (106.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 92.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.89% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.66% of the population.

There were 300 households, out of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were married couples living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 34.1% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $34,464. Males had a median income of $34,083 versus $17,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,492. About 8.4% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.4% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.

