==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 179
|1920= 430
|1930= 507
|1940= 551
|1950= 606
|1960= 566
|1970= 503
|1980= 568
|1990= 536
|2000= 614
|2010= 523
|2020= 516
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 523 people, 226 households, and 146 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|507.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 248 housing units at an average density of {{convert|240.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 226 households, of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.4% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the village was 41.9 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 614 people, 237 households, and 169 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,118.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 248 housing units at an average density of {{convert|451.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.63% of the population.<ref name="GR1">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/time-series/geo/gazetteer-files.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=April 23, 2011|date=February 12, 2011|title=US Gazetteer files: 2010, 2000, and 1990}}</ref>

There were 237 households, out of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.3% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $28,523, and the median income for a family was $34,063. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,988. About 9.2% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.6% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.

