==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 308
|1920= 413
|1930= 381
|1940= 364
|1950= 369
|1960= 367
|1970= 469
|1980= 582
|1990= 446
|2000= 494
|2010= 612
|2020= 589
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 4, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 612 people, 225 households, and 153 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|987.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 240 housing units at an average density of {{convert|387.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 225 households, of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.0% were non-families. Of all households 26.2% were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the town was 40.2 years. Of the residents 24.7% were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.7% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 494 people, 172 households, and 121 families living in the town. The population density was 786.1 people per square mile (302.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 194 housing units at an average density of 308.7 per square mile (118.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 94.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.01% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.82% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.43% of the population.

There were 172 households, out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.9% were married couples living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. Of all households 25.0% were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 25.3% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 22.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,545, and the median income for a family was $40,694. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $23,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,022. About 17.1% of families and 20.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.2% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.

