==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 170
|1950= 138
|1960= 147
|1970= 123
|1980= 99
|1990= 87
|2000= 83
|2010= 76
|2020= 38
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 76 people, 29 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|506.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|300.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.6% of the population.

There were 29 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.4% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.35.

The median age in the city was 39 years. 35.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.9% were from 25 to 44; 17% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 83 people, 40 households, and 25 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|570.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|350.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.20% from two or more races.

There were 40 households, out of which 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.60.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 12.0% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 22.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,500, and the median income for a family was $25,000. Males had a median income of $20,625 versus $14,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $28,897. There were no families and 10.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

