==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 745
|1930= 665
|1940= 634
|1950= 488
|1960= 427
|1970= 274
|1980= 343
|1990= 262
|2000= 308
|2010= 340
|2020= 356
|estyear=2019
|estimate=443
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 340 people, 134 households, and 84 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1888.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|927.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 134 households, of which 20.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.3% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 50.4 years. 17.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.6% were from 25 to 44; 39.4% were from 45 to 64; and 21.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.1% male and 47.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 308 people, 135 households, and 88 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,699.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|871.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.32% of the population.

There were 135 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.5% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 37.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $40,179. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,588. About 8.1% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 3.8% of those 65 or over.

