==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 9152
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Fairfield Glade racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4724980&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 27, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 8,581
| 93.76%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 67
| 0.73%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 14
| 0.15%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 32
| 0.35%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 253
| 2.76%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 205
| 2.24%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 9,152 people, 4,574 households, and 3,426 families residing in the CDP.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 4,885 people, 2,513 households, and 2,017 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|224.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|143.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.53% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.43% of the population.

There were 2,513 households, out of which 4.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.7% were non-families. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.15.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 4.4% under the age of 18, 1.5% from 18 to 24, 6.5% from 25 to 44, 33.1% from 45 to 64, and 54.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 66 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $42,800, and the median income for a family was $45,938. Males had a median income of $37,404 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,403. About 1.6% of families and 2.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 0.3% of those age 65 or over.

