==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 45
|2000= 39
|2010= 49
|2020= 29
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Lutak first reported on the 1990 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP). Within Lutak was the former [[Tlingit]] village of Chilkoot.<ref>{{Cite web | url=https://books.google.com/books?id=Rr9RAQAAMAAJ&dq=chilkoot&pg=PA49 |title = Geological Survey Professional Paper|year = 1949}}</ref>

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 39 people, 19 households, and 12 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.74% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 7.69% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 2.56% from two or more races. 2.56% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 19 households, out of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were married couples living together, and 31.6% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.46.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 15.4% under the age of 18, 2.6% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 41.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 143.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 175.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $61,250, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $80,488 versus $50,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,928. There were no families and none of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

