==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 107
|1920= 84
|1930= 193
|1940= 361
|1950= 899
|1960= 1204
|1970= 1397
|1980= 1354
|1990= 1472
|2000= 1547
|2010= 1475
|2020= 1442
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,475 people, 586 households, and 458 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1586.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 657 housing units at an average density of {{convert|706.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 586 households, of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.8% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 47.8 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.2% were from 25 to 44; 41.8% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,547 people, 614 households, and 456 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,622.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 651 housing units at an average density of {{convert|682.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.52% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.26% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.42% of the population.

There were 614 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.7% were non-families. 20.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 33.9% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $84,879, and the median income for a family was $90,783. Males had a median income of $69,375 versus $41,328 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $50,825.  About 1.9% of families and 2.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.1% of those under age 18 and 1.5% of those age 65 or over.

