==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1830= 99
|1850= 329
|1860= 445
|1870= 388
|1880= 539
|1890= 402
|1900= 435
|1910= 359
|1920= 355
|1930= 361
|1940= 354
|1950= 477
|1960= 514
|1970= 486
|1980= 425
|1990= 437
|2000= 563
|2010= 546
|2020= 554
|estyear=2023
|estimate=569
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 546 people, 204 households, and 147 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|551.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 237 housing units at an average density of {{convert|239.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 204 households, of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were married couples living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.9% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the village was 37.3 years. 26.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.1% were from 25 to 44; 31.4% were from 45 to 64; and 9.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 563 people, 191 households, and 152 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|857.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 208 housing units at an average density of {{convert|316.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.95% of the population.

There were 191 households, out of which 45.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.9% were non-families. 14.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.95 and the average family size was 3.29.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.3% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 32.7% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 7.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the village was $44,750, and the median income for a family was $49,063. Males had a median income of $31,923 versus $23,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,918. About 7.7% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

