==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 277
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 296 people, 83 households, and 73 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|20.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|8.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.68% of the population.

There were 83 households, out of which 53.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 26.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 12.0% were non-families. 12.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.57 and the average family size was 3.81.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 38.5% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 15.5% from 45 to 64, and 9.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $11,042, and the median income for a family was $11,042. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $3,502. About 64.0% of families and 75.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 100% of those under the age of 18 and 28% of those 65 or over.

