==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 135
|1870= 250
|1880= 259
|1890= 408
|1900= 205
|1910= 289
|1930= 273
|1940= 346
|1950= 414
|1960= 489
|1970= 627
|1980= 683
|1990= 609
|2000= 567
|2010= 608
|2020= 618
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 608 people, 293 households, and 164 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|732.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 320 housing units at an average density of {{convert|385.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 293 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.0% were non-families. 39.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the city was 46.7 years. 19.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 25.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 567 people, 266 households, and 167 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|677.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 298 housing units at an average density of {{convert|356.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.71% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.53% of the population.

There were 266 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.2% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the city the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 19.8% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 24.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,333, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $16,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,374. About 10.9% of families and 21.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.2% of those under age 18 and 15.7% of those age 65 or over.

