==Demographics==
As of the census of 2020, there were 464 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 180.19 people per square mile (69.57/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 207 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.4% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.4% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 3.4% from two or more races. 1.3% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Hooven CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Hooven_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3936232 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=16 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 213 households, out of which 18.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 20.2% had a female householder with no spouse present. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54, and the average family size was 3.10.<ref name="2020 census"/>

19.9% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 56.9% were 18 to 64, and 23.2% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49.5. For every 100 females, there were 78.3 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $52,708, and the median income for a family was $83,482. About 15.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 15.7% of those under age 18 and 0.0% of those age 65 or over. About 57.6% of the population were employed, and 8.1% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

