==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|2000= 886
|2010= 832
|2020= 887
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2000<ref name=2000CensusVA>{{Cite web|title= 2000 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - Virginia|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-48.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2010<ref name=2010CensusVA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - Virginia|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Greenville CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US5132944&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Greenville was first listed as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2000 U.S. census]].<ref name=2000CensusVA/> As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 886 people, 234 households, and 193 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 242.7 people per square mile (93.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 251 housing units at an average density of 68.8/sq&nbsp;mi (26.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 82.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 16.70% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.45% of the population.

There were 234 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.1% were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 16.3% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 42.0% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 184.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 198.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $44,313, and the median income for a family was $48,571. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $21,161 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,598. About 2.6% of families and 2.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 4.0% of those age 65 or over.

