==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 452
|1930= 655
|1940= 849
|1950= 777
|1960= 812
|1970= 1094
|1980= 1215
|1990= 994
|2000= 1045
|2010= 987
|2020= 790
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 987 people, 407 households, and 241 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|715.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 488 housing units at an average density of {{convert|353.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.11% of the population.

There were 407 households, of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.8% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the city was 37.1 years. 27.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 24.2% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,045 people, 456 households, and 285 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|740.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 535 housing units at an average density of {{convert|379.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.77% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.77% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.96% of the population.

There were 456 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 85.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,836, and the median income for a family was $27,443. Males had a median income of $26,172 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,026. About 16.4% of families and 21.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.3% of those under age 18 and 15.4% of those age 65 or over.

