==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1940 = 381
| 1950 = 544
| 1960 = 522
| 1970 = 1218
| 1980 = 1060
| 1990 = 746
| 2000 = 617
| 2010 = 508
| 2020 = 467
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $34,318, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,980.  About 14.7% of families and 18.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 508 people, 235 households, and 150 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|619.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 296 housing units at an average density of {{convert|361.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 235 households, of which 18.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.2% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the city was 51 years. 16.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.9% were from 25 to 44; 39.8% were from 45 to 64; and 22.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.7% male and 45.3% female.

===Population history===
*1863 - 275<ref>[http://www.idahohistory.net/Reference%20Series/0129.pdf 1863 territorial census] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20120216051841/http://www.idahohistory.net/Reference%20Series/0129.pdf |date=2012-02-16 }}, Idaho Territory via Idaho State Historical Society, 1863.  Accessed 2009-04-23.</ref>
*1864 - 131<ref>[http://www.idahohistory.net/Reference%20Series/0130.pdf 1864 territorial census] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20120216051836/http://www.idahohistory.net/Reference%20Series/0130.pdf |date=2012-02-16 }}, Idaho Territory via Idaho State Historical Society, 1864.  Accessed 2009-04-23.</ref>

