==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1880= 675
|1890= 1613
|1900= 1575
|1910= 1547
|1920= 1406
|1930= 1370
|1940= 1598
|1950= 1527
|1960= 1506
|1970= 1584
|1980= 1488
|1990= 1304
|2000= 1223
|2010= 1131
|2020= 1071
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,131 people, 512 households, and 311 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1300.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 582 housing units at an average density of {{convert|669.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 512 households, of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.3% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the city was 46.8 years. 21.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 25.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,223 people, 553 households, and 331 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,395.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 644 housing units at an average density of {{convert|734.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.57% of the population.   
   
There were 553 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.1% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 28.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,529, and the median income for a family was $37,448. Males had a median income of $27,171 versus $17,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,760. About 8.6% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.1% of those under age 18 and 15.5% of those age 65 or over.

