==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 1754
|1930= 1963
|1940= 1961
|1950= 1854
|1960= 1801
|1970= 1656
|1980= 1447
|1990= 1246
|2000= 1230
|2010= 1079
|2020= 968
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> there were 1,079 people, 498 households, and 291 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1798.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 570 housing units at an average density of {{convert|950.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.1% of the population.

There were 498 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.6% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the village was 46.4 years. 17% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 29.8% were from 45 to 64; and 22.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 1,230 people, 534 households, and 330 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,013.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 600 housing units at an average density of {{convert|981.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.63% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.33% of the population.

There were 534 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 25.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,583, and the median income for a family was $37,250. Males had a median income of $31,063 versus $20,909 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,957. About 7.4% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.9% of those under age 18 and 4.3% of those age 65 or over.

