==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 399
|1900= 498
|1910= 430
|1920= 449
|1930= 385
|1940= 396
|1950= 324
|1960= 262
|1970= 282
|1980= 289
|1990= 248
|2000= 220
|2010= 152
|2020= 145
|estyear=2021
|estimate=148
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 152 people, 78 households, and 51 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|844.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|544.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 78 households, of which 15.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.6% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.37.

The median age in the village was 56 years. 12.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.5% were from 25 to 44; 42.2% were from 45 to 64; and 26.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 220 people, 98 households, and 64 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,249.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|602.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.91% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.27% of the population.

There were 98 households, out of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 22.3% from 25 to 44, 33.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $27,159, and the median income for a family was $44,375. Males had a median income of $24,306 versus $20,139 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,839. About 4.6% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 15.6% of those 65 or over.

