==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 601
|1940= 487
|1950= 289
|1960= 203
|1970= 134
|1980= 116
|1990= 103
|2000= 88
|2010= 94
|2020= 63
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Putnam racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4859984&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 20, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|61
|96.83%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|2
|3.17%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''63'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 63 people, 41 households, and 26 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 88 people, 39 households, and 23 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|86.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|55.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.41% of the population.

There were 39 households, out of which 17.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 15.9% under the age of 18, 11.4% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 33.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,875, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $35,833 versus $17,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,562. There were 21.7% of families and 28.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of under eighteens and 15.0% of those over 64.

