==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1880= 183
|1900= 266
|1910= 204
|1920= 226
|1930= 204
|1940= 183
|1950= 194
|1960= 144
|1970= 161
|1980= 192
|1990= 149
|2000= 140
|2010= 144
|2020= 170
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2014|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 3, 2014 }}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 140 people, 61 households, and 45 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|403.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|187.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.29% [[Race (US Census)|White]], 0.00% [[Race (US Census)|Black]] or [[Race (US Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Race (US Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Race (US Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (US Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (US Census)|other races]], and 0.71% from two or more races.  0.00% of the population were [[Race (US Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (US Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 61 households, out of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were married couples living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.2% were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 16.4% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 33.6% from 25 to 44, 31.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years.  For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,875, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $32,813 versus $20,313 for females. The per capita income for the town was $13,531. 13.0% of the population and 12.2% of families were below the poverty line. Out of the total people living in poverty, 10.7% were under the age of 18 and 10.5% were 65 or older.

