==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 702
|2000= 864
|2010= 875
|2020= 864
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
At the 2000 census, there were 864 people, 197 households and 171 families residing in the Cannon Ball Census Designated Place ("CDP"). The [[population density]] was {{convert|9.8|/sqmi}}. There were 208 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2.4|/sqmi}}.{{citation needed|date=December 2016}} At the 2010 census, the racial make-up was 92.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] and 2.2% from two or more races. Persons of [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] origin comprised 1.4% of the total population.<ref>{{cite web|title=2010 Demographic Profile Data (DP-1) for Cannon Ball CDP, North Dakota|url=https://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_SF1_SF1DP1&prodType=table|access-date=December 3, 2016|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212211127/https://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_SF1_SF1DP1&prodType=table|archive-date=February 12, 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref>

There were 197 households, of which 56.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 35.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 12.7% were non-families. 11.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.35 and the average family size was 4.56.

46.4% of the population were under the age of 18, 11.2% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 15.3% from 45 to 64 and 3.6% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 20 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The [[median household income]] was $19,265 and the median family income was $18,583. Males had a median income of $21,875 and females $17,250. The [[per capita income]] was $5,717. About 49.7% of families and 50.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 58.3% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.

