==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 279
|1900= 506
|1910= 540
|1920= 598
|1930= 670
|1940= 810
|1950= 1080
|1960= 1158
|1970= 1231
|1980= 1218
|1990= 988
|2000= 849
|2010= 729
|2020= 665
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 3, 2014|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Leighton racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0142160&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 13, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|325
|48.87%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|289
|43.46%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.15%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|2
|0.3%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|35
|5.26%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|13
|1.95%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 665 people, 368 households, and 200 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 849 people, 360 households, and 235 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|857.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 414 housing units at an average density of {{convert|418.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 44.41% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 55.12% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]] and 0.47% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]]. 0.94% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 360 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.7% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,500, and the median income for a family was $28,036. Males had a median income of $27,625 versus $18,393 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,680. About 22.7% of families and 26.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.5% of those under age 18 and 25.4% of those age 65 or over.

