==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1960= 325
|1970= 385
|1980= 266
|1990= 201
|2000= 225
|2010= 191
|2020= 201
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 191 people, 80 households, and 51 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1193.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 94 housing units at an average density of {{convert|587.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.0% from two or more races.

There were 80 households, of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.3% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the village was 45.8 years. 19.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 24.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 225 people, 87 households, and 58 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|1,470.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|607.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 98.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.33% from two or more races.

There were 87 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.2% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.6% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,344, and the median income for a family was $45,417. Males had a median income of $30,250 versus $21,111 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,251.  About 8.0% of families and 5.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty five or over.

