==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 7210
|2020= 8353
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

In the 2000 census, separate reports were prepared for the most densely populated section or district. These are reported as the [[Evergreen, Marathon County, Wisconsin|Evergreen census-designated place]], but are also included in the aggregate numbers given here.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 7,210 people, 2,652 households, and 2,069 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|139.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,810 housing units at an average density of {{convert|54.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 2,652 households, of which 38.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.0% were non-families. 15.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the village was 37.3 years. 26.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 10.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 5,369 people, 1,953 households, and 1,537 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 103.4 people per square mile (39.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,953 housing units at an average density of 37.6 per square mile (14.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.91% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.26% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.52% of the population.

There were 1,953 households, out of which 42.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.4% were non-families. 13.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the town the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 32.4% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 6.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $55,718, and the median income for a family was $60,324. Males had a median income of $38,635 versus $28,602 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $23,395.  About 3.1% of families and 3.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.4% of those under age 18 and 4.9% of those age 65 or over.

