==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 142
|1940= 151
|1950= 103
|1960= 94
|1970= 97
|1980= 127
|1990= 132
|2000= 145
|2010= 127
|2020= 107
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 127 people, 49 households, and 33 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|793.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|331.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 89.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.4% of the population.

There were 49 households, of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.7% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.21.

The median age in the village was 35.9 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 32.3% were from 45 to 64; and 10.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.3% male and 45.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 145 people, 47 households, and 36 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|935.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|342.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 86.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 17.24% of the population.

There were 47 households, out of which 42.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.4% were non-families. 12.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.09 and the average family size was 3.31.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.7% under the age of 18, 17.9% from 18 to 24, 17.9% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 6.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $38,750; and the median income for a family was $45,250. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $25,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,592. About 7.7% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.4% of under eighteens and 53.3% of those over 64.

