==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 618
|2000= 650
|2010= 562
|2020= 606
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://web.archive.org/web/20060208103743/http://www.census.gov:80/prod/www/abs/decennial/ U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 650 people, 151 households, and 122 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|114.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 160 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 2.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 97.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.31% of the population.

There were 151 households, out of which 51.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 35.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.2% were non-families. 15.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.30 and the average family size was 4.95.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 49.1% under the age of 18, 11.5% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 12.8% from 45 to 64, and 3.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 18 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $11,063, and the median income for a family was $12,083. Males had a median income of $4,464 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $2,946. About 71.4% of families and 77.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 84.4% of those under age 18 and 51.4% of those age 65 or over.

