==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 493
|1950= 408
|1960= 402
|1970= 365
|1980= 401
|1990= 374
|2000= 354
|2010= 487
|2020= 431
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 354 people, 156 households, and 99 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|125.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 176 housing units at an average density of {{convert|62.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 76.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 20.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]], 0.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.85% of the population.

There were 156 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were married couples living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 29.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,938, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $33,333 versus $25,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,799. About 21.4% of families and 19.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of those under age 18 and 32.7% of those age 65 or over.

