==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 1066
| 1920 = 765
| 1930 = 409
| 1940 = 389
| 1950 = 353
| 1990 = 283
| 2000 = 224
| 2010 = 220
| 2020 = 184
| footnote = Source: U.S. Census Bureau<ref name=census>{{cite web |url = https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title = Census of Population and Housing |publisher = U.S. Census Bureau |accessdate = November 18, 2011}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 224 people, 63 households, and 57 families residing in the CDP.  The [[population density]] was 43.0 people per square mile (16.6/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 74 housing units at an average density of 14.2/sq&nbsp;mi (5.5/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the CDP was 4.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 93.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.34% from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.48% of the population.

There were 63 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 38.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 9.5% were non-families.  7.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.56 and the average family size was 3.67.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 35.3% under the age of 18, 12.5% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 6.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 26 years.  For every 100 females, there were 82.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $16,591, and the median income for a family was $16,071.  Males had a median income of $17,083 versus $13,750 for females.  The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $6,042.  About 48.3% of families and 54.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 64.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 64.7% of those 65 or over.

