==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
| 1990 = 1236
| 2000 = 1347
| 2010 = 1807
| 2020 = 1644
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 1653
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html |date=May 24, 2020 |title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,807 people, 685 households, and 476 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|634.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 813 housing units at an average density of {{convert|285.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.2% of the population.

There were 685 households, of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were married couples living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.5% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the town was 32.8 years. 30.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.7% were from 25 to 44; 30.8% were from 45 to 64; and 2.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 55.0% male and 45.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,347 people, 475 households, and 388 families residing in the town. The population density was 490.0 people per square mile (189.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 544 housing units at an average density of 197.9 per square mile (76.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.82% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.04% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.30% of the population.

There were 475 households, out of which 48.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.6% were married couples living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.3% were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.9% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 34.7% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 1.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $53,125, and the median income for a family was $55,764. Males had a median income of $46,058 versus $22,955 for females. The per capita income for the town was $20,126. About 3.9% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.8% of those under age 18 and 33.3% of those age 65 or over.

