==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 399
|1890= 320
|1940= 183
|1950= 150
|1960= 111
|1970= 153
|1980= 295
|1990= 234
|2000= 239
|2010= 284
|2020= 232
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Delta racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2220330&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 19, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|193
|83.19%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|23
|9.91%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|8
|3.45%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|8
|3.45%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 232 people, 104 households, and 89 families residing in the village.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 239 people, 101 households, and 62 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|80.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|37.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.51% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.42% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.35% of the population.

There were 101 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 12.6% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,750, and the median income for a family was $33,214. Males had a median income of $37,708 versus $18,929 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,346. About 9.6% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 38.9% of those 65 or over.

