==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 349
| 1930 = 292
| 1940 = 365
| 1950 = 259
| 1960 = 197
| 1970 = 269
| 1980 = 354
| 1990 = 363
| 2000 = 337
| 2010 = 291
| 2020 = 248
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 249
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 223 people, 136&nbsp;households, and 91&nbsp;families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|140.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|71.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 96.14% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.89% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.89% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 2.08% from two or more races.  1.19% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 132 households, out of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,958, and the median income for a family was $30,938. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $14,545 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,096.  About 14.1% of families and 23.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.2% of those under age&nbsp;18 and 11.1% of those age&nbsp;65 or over.

