==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align=left
| 1970=2357
| 1980=1646
| 1990=1761
| 2000=2016
| 2010=795
| 2020=342
| footnote=source:<ref>{{cite web
  |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html
  |title=CENSUS OF POPULATION AND HOUSING (1790-2000)
  |publisher=[[U.S. Census Bureau]]
  |access-date=2010-07-31
  }}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,016 people, 343 households, and 263 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 387.4 people per square mile (149.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 572 housing units at an average density of 109.9/sq&nbsp;mi (42.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 63.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 15.03% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 8.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.83% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.50% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.88% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 8.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.75% of the population.

There were 343 households, out of which 51.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.3% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 0.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.01 and the average family size was 3.59.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 34.4% under the age of 18, 33.4% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 10.1% from 45 to 64, and 0.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 20 years. For every 100 females, there were 47.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 48.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $49,306, and the median income for a family was $53,148. Males had a median income of $40,565 versus $17,695 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,023. About 5.4% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.7% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

