==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 8831
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 9,660 people, 3,923 households, and 2,092 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|3,971.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 4,029 housing units at an average density of 1,656.4/sq mi (639.6/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 78.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 10.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 3,923 households, out of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.7% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 17.0% under the age of 18, 25.0% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $51,587, and the median income for a family was $74,675. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $29,387. About 13.0% of families and 22.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].  However, traditional measures of income and poverty can be very misleading when applied to a community like Park Forest Village, which is located only a few miles from [[Penn State University]] and has many student residents.

