==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 253
|1930= 287
|1940= 369
|1950= 396
|1960= 309
|1970= 287
|1980= 291
|1990= 253
|2000= 172
|2010= 168
|2020= 167
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 14, 2016}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 168 people, 82 households, and 49 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|311.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|211.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 82 households, of which 19.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.2% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the town was 48.3 years. 19% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 35.1% were from 45 to 64; and 22.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 172 people, 88 households, and 52 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|317.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|223.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.74% of the population.

There were 88 households, out of which 14.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.8% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.47.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 15.1% under the age of 18, 2.9% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 34.3% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females there were 109.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,875, and the median income for a family was $44,583. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,438. About 4.7% of families and 9.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 20.0% of those 65 or over.

