==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 496
|1940= 528
|1950= 594
|1960= 703
|1970= 554
|1980= 617
|1990= 542
|2000= 556
|2010= 501
|2020= 458
|estyear=2019
|estimate=489
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 501 people, 230 households, and 149 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|659.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 261 housing units at an average density of {{convert|343.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 230 households, of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.2% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the city was 49.4 years. 18.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.2% were from 25 to 44; 37.8% were from 45 to 64; and 19.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 556 people, 225 households, and 157 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|743.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 248 housing units at an average density of {{convert|331.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.90% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.54% of the population.

There were 225 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,806, and the median income for a family was $36,719. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,548. About 12.9% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.9% of those under age 18 and 11.5% of those age 65 or over.

