==Demographics==
{{update section|date=May 2023|reason=Newer information is available in the 2010 and 2020 census reports}}

{{US Census population
| 1970 = 190
| 1980 = 239
| 1990 = 294
| 2000 = 359
| 2010 = 439
| 2020 = 486
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>{{failed verification|date=May 2023|reason=No mention of Kongiganak at the given link}}
}}
The current settlement of Kongiganak first appeared on the 1970 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. In 1980, it was reclassified as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2020, there were 486 people, 53 households, and 47 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|36.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4.63|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 2.6% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 94.7% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 7.2% from two or more races.  0.2% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 53 households, out of which 39.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were married couples living together, 41.5% had a male householder with no spouse present, 5.7% had a female householder with no spouse present.  The average family size was 6.55.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 39.9% under the age of 18, 4% from 18 to 24, 17.2% from 25 to 44, 10.7% from 45 to 64, and 4.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 27 years.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $64,583, and the median income for a family was $67,917. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,104.  About 20.6% of persons were below the [[Poverty line in the United States|poverty line]], 21% who were under 18, and 0% who were over 65.

