==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 248
|1920= 223
|1930= 291
|1940= 302
|1950= 344
|1960= 488
|1970= 504
|1980= 627
|1990= 657
|2000= 858
|2010= 873
|2020= 875
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 873 people, 381 households, and 229 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1212.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 407 housing units at an average density of {{convert|565.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 381 households, of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.9% were non-families. 33.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 37.8 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 14% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 858 people, 362 households, and 232 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|1,343.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 378 housing units at an average density of {{convert|591.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 96.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.58% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.93% of the population.

There were 362 households, out of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 34.6% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $41,979. Males had a median income of $32,411 versus $24,107 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,412.  About 6.0% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.1% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.

