==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 1221
|1890= 1463
|1900= 1714
|1910= 1993
|1920= 1808
|1930= 1880
|1940= 1905
|1950= 1995
|1960= 2200
|1970= 2098
|1980= 1902
|1990= 1841
|2000= 1685
|2010= 1657
|2020= 1552
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,685 people, 685 households, and 446 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|814.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 750 housing units at an average density of {{convert|362.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}, of which 685 were occupied.  The racial makeup of the village was 98.46% [[white (U.S. Census)|white]], .36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], .42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], .53% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], .12% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and .12% from two or more races.  .65% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 685 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.4% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years.  Males make up 49.4% of the population while females make up the other 50.6%.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,150, and the median income for a family was $43,068. Male full-time, year-round workers had a median income of $36,187 versus $24,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,063.  11.6% of the population and 62.1% of families were below the [[poverty line]].  Out of the total population, 9.8% of those under the age of 18 and 8.8% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

