==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 87
|1930= 90
|1940= 152
|1950= 245
|1960= 310
|1970= 524
|1980= 751
|1990= 887
|2000= 1033
|2010= 1063
|2020= 1171
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

Dellwood consistently ranks as the wealthiest town in Minnesota<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://247wallst.com/special-report/2020/06/18/richest-town-in-every-state-4/6/|title = Richest Town in Every State – Page 6 – 24/7 Wall St}}</ref> and among the 25 wealthiest towns in the country.<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/2019/06/19/american-towns-here-are-top-34-richest/39556089/|title = What are the richest towns in America? Here's the top 34| website=[[USA Today]] }}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,063 people, 372 households, and 319 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|399.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 409 housing units at an average density of {{convert|153.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 372 households, of which 40.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 79.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 14.2% were non-families. 12.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the city was 46.1 years. 28.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.5% were from 25 to 44; 38.2% were from 45 to 64; and 13.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,033 people, 353 households, and 304 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|374.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 374 housing units at an average density of {{convert|135.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.77% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.87% of the population.

There were 353 households, out of which 42.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.6% were non-families. 10.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 18.6% from 25 to 44, 37.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $129,136, and the median income for a family was $133,717. Males had a median income of $84,792 versus $50,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $61,592.  About 1.6% of families and 1.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.3% of those under age 18 and 1.4% of those age 65 or over.

