==Demographics==
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results|title=Data Center Results}}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| Spoke [[Colorado River Numic language|Colorado River Numic]] at home || 50.59%
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 43.48%
|-
| Spoke [[Navajo language|Navajo]] at home || 5.93%	 
|-
|}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 277 people, 79 households, and 65 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 17.9 people per square mile (6.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 87 housing units at an average density of 5.6/sq&nbsp;mi (2.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 1.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 98.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.72% from two or more races.

There were 79 households, out of which 49.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 34.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.7% were non-families. 16.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.51 and the average family size was 3.94.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 43.3% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 32.9% from 25 to 44, 10.5% from 45 to 64, and 4.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $13,750, and the median income for a family was $14,583. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $15,781 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,053. About 48.6% of families and 52.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 61.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 52.9% of those 65 or over.

