==Demographics==
{{stack|{{US Census population
|1910= 436
|1920= 419
|1930= 464
|1940= 489
|1950= 535
|1960= 1138
|1970= 1158
|1980= 1258
|1990= 1270
|2000= 1805
|2010= 1918
|2020= 1954
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}}}
As of the 2020 census, The racial makeup of the borough was 84.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 9.6% of the population.<ref>[https://www.censusdots.com/race/leesport-pa-demographics Leesport, PA Demographics]</ref>

As of the 2010 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,918 people, 747 households, and 523 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,740|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 790 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1128.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 90.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 4.2% of the population.

There were 747 households, out of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 28% from 45 to 64, and 11% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.7 years. Females made up 50.4% of the population and males made up 49.6%.

The median income for a household in the borough was $47,067, and the median income for a family was $51,761. Males had a median income of $36,453 versus $25,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $20,148. About 2.2% of families and 4.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.6% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.

When used as a mailing address, Leesport ([[ZIP Code]] 19533) also includes [[Ontelaunee Township, Pennsylvania|Ontelaunee Township]] and portions of [[Bern Township, Pennsylvania|Bern]] [[Township (Pennsylvania)|Township]]s.

