==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 612
|2010= 593
|2020= 548
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Dodge City racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0120955&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 18, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|518
|94.53%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|1
|0.18%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|3
|0.55%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|15
|2.74%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|11
|2.01%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 548 people, 251 households, and 174 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 612 people, 231 households, and 184 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|194.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 253 housing units at an average density of {{convert|80.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.51% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], and 0.49% from two or more races. 0.33% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 231 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.3% were non-families. 17.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,417, and the median income for a family was $33,393. Males had a median income of $29,028 versus $18,214 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,111. About 6.9% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.8% of those under age 18 and 21.4% of those age 65 or over.

