==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 339
|1920= 352
|1930= 429
|1940= 403
|1950= 369
|1960= 392
|1970= 400
|1980= 397
|1990= 278
|2000= 251
|2010= 203
|2020= 186
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 203 people, 92 households, and 56 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|845.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|450.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.49% of the population.

There were 92 households, of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.1% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the city was 40.5 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 32.5% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 251 people, 95 households, and 66 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,035.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 124 housing units at an average density of {{convert|511.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.20% of the population.

There were 95 households, out of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the city the population was spread out, with 31.9% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 17.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 69.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,861, and the median income for a family was $25,000. Males had a median income of $30,341 versus $12,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $8,533. About 25.0% of families and 32.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 27.5% of those 65 or over.

