==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 144
|1920= 168
|1930= 224
|1940= 226
|1950= 182
|1960= 193
|1970= 325
|1980= 493
|1990= 602
|2000= 645
|2010= 798
|2020= 851
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br/>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2014|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 3, 2014 }}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Holly Pond racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0135560&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 18, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|763
|89.66%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|3
|0.35%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|2
|0.24%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|36
|4.23%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|47
|5.52%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 851 people, 368 households, and 258 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 645 people, 250 households, and 182 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|187.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 280 housing units at an average density of {{convert|81.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 97.67% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.47% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 1.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.31% from two or more races.  3.41% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 250 households, out of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 11.5% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 9.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,182, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $27,708 versus $19,432 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,466.  About 12.2% of families and 19.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.9% of those under age 18 and 29.8% of those age 65 or over.

