==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 280
|1920= 272
|1930= 268
|1940= 228
|1950= 258
|1960= 224
|1970= 280
|1980= 277
|1990= 292
|2000= 344
|2010= 326
|2020= 272
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 326 people, 120 households, and 95 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|412.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 136 housing units at an average density of {{convert|163.2|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 87.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 9.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|Choctaw races]], and 1.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.76% of the population.

There were 120 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.8% were non-families. 18.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.87 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,861, and the median income for a family was $45,313. Males had a median income of $32,813 versus $26,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,498. About 16.2% of families and 16.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.8% of those under age 18 and 12.7% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear|left}}

