==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 348
|1900= 275
|1910= 440
|1920= 543
|1930= 588
|1940= 681
|1950= 705
|1960= 583
|1970= 552
|1980= 520
|1990= 449
|2000= 433
|2010= 387
|2020= 373
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 387 people, 165 households, and 103 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|860.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 195 housing units at an average density of {{convert|433.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.5% from two or more races.

There were 165 households, of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.6% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the village was 45.2 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.9% were from 25 to 44; 29.5% were from 45 to 64; and 20.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 433 people, 192 households, and 115 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,066.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 213 housing units at an average density of {{convert|524.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 192 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.6% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $23,571 versus $13,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,605. About 9.8% of families and 13.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.0% of those under age 18 and 14.1% of those age 65 or over.

