==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 49
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 65 people, 30 households, and 18 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|87.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 80.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 16.92% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 3.08% from two or more races.

There were 30 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 36.7% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 10.8% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 32.3% from 25 to 44, 29.2% from 45 to 64, and 24.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 132.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 132.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $53,750, and the median income for a family was $53,750. Males had a median income of $43,750 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $25,769. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

