==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 826
|2010= 818
|2020= 803
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 826 people, 358 households, and 264 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|18.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 401 housing units at an average density of {{convert|8.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.6% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 6.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races.  16.7% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 358 households, out of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.0% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.3 and the average family size was 2.7.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 18.4% under the age of 18, 2.5% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 37.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $51,310, and the median income for a family was $58,571. Males had a median income of $46,042 versus $26,406 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $27,312.  About 2.8% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.1% of those under age 18 and 2.0% of those age 65 or over.

