==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 332
|1920= 482
|1930= 473
|1940= 487
|1950= 573
|1960= 504
|1970= 526
|1980= 633
|1990= 579
|2000= 572
|2010= 665
|2020= 649
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 665 people, 266 households, and 193 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1090.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 292 housing units at an average density of {{convert|478.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.9% of the population.

There were 266 households, of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.4% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the village was 40.6 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 30.3% were from 45 to 64; and 14.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 572 people, 232 households, and 167 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,142.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 249 housing units at an average density of {{convert|497.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.52% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.82% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.62% of the population.

There were 232 households, out of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.4 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $43,000. Males had a median income of $31,500 versus $16,848 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,791. About 9.7% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.7% of those under age 18 and 11.9% of those age 65 or over.

