==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 182
|2020= 139
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2000<ref name=2000CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2000 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Sunny Slopes first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Sunny Slopes had a population of 139. The population density was {{convert|73.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Sunny Slopes was 117 (84.2%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 5 (3.6%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 2 (1.4%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 9 (6.5%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6 (4.3%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 12 persons (8.6%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Sunny Slopes CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0676040 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 83 households, out of which 19 (22.9%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 39 (47.0%) were married-couple households, 12 (14.5%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 12 (14.5%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 20 (24.1%) had a male householder with no partner present. 22 households (26.5%) were one person, and 8 (9.6%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.67.<ref name=DP1/> There were 51 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (61.4% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Sunny Slopes CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0676040 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 18 people (12.9%) under the age of 18, 2 people (1.4%) aged 18 to 24, 29 people (20.9%) aged 25 to 44, 56 people (40.3%) aged 45 to 64, and 34 people (24.5%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 54.8{{nbsp}}years. There were 69 males and 70 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 156 housing units at an average density of {{convert|82.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 83 (53.2%) were occupied. Of these, 64 (77.1%) were owner-occupied, and 19 (22.9%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

