==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920=  270
|1930=  176
|1940=  241
|1950= 1199
|1960= 4846
|1970= 2719
|1980= 3031
|1990= 3843
|2000=  746
|2010=  802
|2020=  720
| estimate=722
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=Population sources:<small> 1920–2000<ref>Barnett, Bob. [http://westjersey.org/popbur_04.htm Population Data for Burlington County Municipalities, 1800 - 2000], WestJersey.org, January 6, 2011. Accessed September 3, 2012.</ref><br>1920<ref>[https://dspace.njstatelib.org/xmlui/handle/10929/25218?show=full ''Compendium of censuses 1726-1905: together with the tabulated returns of 1905''], [[New Jersey Department of State]], 1906. Accessed September 1, 2013.</ref> 1920–1930<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=kifRAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA715 ''Fifteenth Census of the United States : 1930 - Population Volume I''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 715. Accessed September 3, 2012.</ref> 1940–2000<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref><br>1960–2000<ref name=DataBook2010>[http://www.co.burlington.nj.us/upload/Economic_Dev/Images/Burlington_%20County_Data_%20Book.pdf#page=47 ''Burlington County Data Book, 2010 Edition''] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20120119052332/http://www.co.burlington.nj.us/upload/Economic_Dev/Images/Burlington_%20County_Data_%20Book.pdf#page=47|date=January 19, 2012 }}, Burlington County Department of Economic Development and Regional Planning. Accessed June 28, 2015.</ref> 2000<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/><br>2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400582960 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 for Wrightstown borough, Burlington County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212112807/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400582960 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed September 3, 2012.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_bur/wrightstown1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Wrightstown borough]{{Dead link|date=March 2020 |bot=InternetArchiveBot |fix-attempted=yes }}, [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed September 3, 2012.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}
Jozsef A. Farago, a former mayor of Wrightstown, criticized the 2000 Census data that showed that the borough's population had dropped 80%, to 748 from 3,843 a decade earlier, noting that the 1990 population had been inflated and that the conversion of Fort Dix to a reserve base had caused a decrease but that the borough's master plan showed a population of 838.<ref>Avril, Tom; and Fleming, Leonard N. [https://web.archive.org/web/20131205101505/http://articles.philly.com/2001-03-12/news/25326341_1_asian-community-census-latinos "Camden Feeds Towns' Diversity The Census Shows Minorities Leaving For The Inner Suburbs."], ''[[The Philadelphia Inquirer]]'', March 12, 2001. Accessed December 2, 2013. "Former Mayor Jozsef A. Farago said Wrightstown's population couldn't possibly have dropped from 3,843 in 1990 to 748 in 2000, as the census reported. He said census officials had overestimated the Burlington County borough's population in 1990.... The borough, which borders Fort Dix, did lose some people early in the decade when the base converted to a reservist facility, Farago said."</ref>

===2010 census===

The [[2010 United States census]] counted 802 people, 309 households, and 189 families in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|453.6|/sqmi}}. There were 348 housing units at an average density of {{convert|196.8|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup was 47.38% (380) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 21.07% (169) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.75% (6) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 5.99% (48) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.37% (3) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 18.70% (150) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 5.74% (46) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 28.05% (225) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 309 households, 34.3% had children under the age of 18; 28.8% were married couples living together; 21.7% had a female householder with no husband present and 38.8% were non-families. Of all households, 28.5% were made up of individuals and 5.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.17.<ref name=Census2010/>

26.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 14.1% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29.9 years. For every 100 females, the population had 109.9 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 110.8 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

The Census Bureau's 2006–2010 [[American Community Survey]] showed that (in 2010 [[inflation adjustment|inflation-adjusted]] dollars) [[median household income]] was $40,096 (with a margin of error of +/− $4,881) and the median family income was $38,438 (+/− $7,242). Males had a median income of $37,917 (+/− $22,280) versus $34,167 (+/− $13,020) for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $24,231 (+/− $4,722). About 15.2% of families and 17.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.6% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3400582960 DP03: Selected Economic Characteristics from the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Wrightstown borough, Burlington County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212102638/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3400582960 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed September 3, 2012.</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 748 people, 312 households, and 181 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|425.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 339 housing units at an average density of {{convert|192.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 49.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 30.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 7.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.23% of the population.<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603482960.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Wrightstown borough, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20070711060303/http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603482960.pdf |date=July 11, 2007 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed September 3, 2012.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400582960 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Wrightstown borough, Burlington County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212093042/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400582960 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed September 3, 2012.</ref>

There were 312 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.7% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.09.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the borough the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 33.2% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 8.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.5 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the borough was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $29,375. Males had a median income of $28,889 versus $25,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $14,489. About 22.8% of families and 24.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.8% of those under age 18 and 22.4% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

