==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 238
|1920= 200
|1930= 211
|1940= 147
|1950= 130
|1960= 79
|1970= 58
|1980= 39
|1990= 42
|2000= 38
|2010= 24
|2020= 20
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 24 people, 14 households, and 4 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|114.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|104.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 14 households, of which 28.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together and 71.4% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.71 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the village was 56 years. 8.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.6% were from 25 to 44; 54.2% were from 45 to 64; and 25% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 66.7% male and 33.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 38 people, 16 households, and 9 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|179.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|103.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.89% of the population.

There were 16 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.8% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $50,625 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,550. There were 33.3% of families and 26.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 30.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

