==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 254
|1920= 346
|1930= 362
|1940= 321
|1950= 260
|1960= 285
|1970= 172
|1980= 159
|1990= 151
|2000= 118
|2010= 128
|2020= 87
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 128 people, 58 households, and 36 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|124.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|66.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 87.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 6.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 58 households, of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.9% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the village was 51 years. 22.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 31.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 118 people, 51 households and 31 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|115.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 69 housing units at an average density of {{convert|67.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.39% from two or more races.

There were 51 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.2% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.00.

27.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 20.3% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 22.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $19,250 and the median family income was $23,750. Males had a median income of $21,875 compared with $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,736. There were 26.7% of families and 30.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 31.4% of under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

