==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 352
|1920= 348
|1930= 431
|1940= 449
|1950= 490
|1960= 494
|1970= 506
|1980= 552
|1990= 553
|2000= 695
|2010= 807
|2020= 819
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Faith racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3722600&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 21, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 746
| 91.09%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 2
| 0.24%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 2
| 0.24%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 4
| 0.49%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 37
| 4.52%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 28
| 3.42%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 819 people, 309 households, and 222 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 695 people, 276 households, and 210 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|710.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 308 housing units at an average density of {{convert|314.7|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.14% of the population.

There were 276 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.6% were non-families. 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 31.7% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,875, and the median income for a family was $47,969. Males had a median income of $32,303 versus $24,559 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,207. About 6.5% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.2% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.

