==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 376
|1890= 291
|1900= 271
|1910= 270
|1920= 302
|1930= 450
|1940= 571
|1950= 674
|1960= 724
|1970= 762
|1980= 931
|1990= 856
|2000= 1149
|2010= 855
|2020= 770
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Kenansville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3735460&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 442
| 57.4%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 249
| 32.34%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.13%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 3
| 0.39%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 48
| 6.23%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 27
| 3.51%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 770 people, 411 households, and 236 families residing in the town.

According to the 2023 [[American Community Survey]] (ACS) 5-Year Estimates released by the U.S. Census Bureau, the median age was approximately 43 years. The estimated age distribution across age groups is as follows: 31.3% under 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 19.5% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 21.8% were 65 or older. For every 100 females, there were 80.5 males.<ref>{{cite web |title=ACS 5-Year Estimates: Kenansville town, North Carolina, Age and Sex (S0101) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2023.S0101?q=kenansville+ |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=November 20, 2025}}</ref>

The median household income was estimated at $62,917, and the median income for a family was $73,958, with 22.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 23.9% of those under age 18 and 16.6% of those age 65 or over.<ref>{{cite web |title=ACS 5-Year Estimates: Kenansville town, North Carolina, Income and Poverty (S01901) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2023.S1901?g=160XX00US3735460 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=November 20, 2025}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,149 people, 281 households, and 180 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|609.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 314 housing units at an average density of {{convert|166.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 51.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 45.95% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.44% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.83% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.70% of the population.

There were 281 households, out of which 22.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.6% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 11.8% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 35.7% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 167.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 167.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,053, and the median income for a family was $41,307. Males had a median income of $27,917 versus $23,021 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,933. About 11.9% of families and 28.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.3% of those under age 18 and 56.9% of those age 65 or over.

