==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 164
|1920= 247
|1930= 266
|1940= 304
|1950= 233
|1960= 263
|1970= 268
|1980= 276
|1990= 260
|2000= 260
|2010= 290
|2020= 279
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> there were 290 people, 114 households and 79 families residing in Bowlus. The [[population density]] was {{convert|232.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|97.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.0% from two or more races.

There were 114 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.7% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age was 33 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18, 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24, 29.3% were from 25 to 44, 22.1% were from 45 to 64 and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The sexual makeup was 55.2% male and 44.8% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2"/> there were 260 people, 105 households and 74 families residing in Bowlus. The [[population density]] was {{convert|208.2|/sqmi}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|88.9|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 105 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.96.

25.0% of the population were under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64 and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.3 males.

The [[median household income]] was $32,222 and the median family income was $41,563. Males had a median income of $25,104 and females $24,063. The [[per capita income]] was $13,868. About 6.2% of families and 10.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 46.0% of those 65 or over.

