==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1870|88
|1880|300
|1890|325
|1900|387
|1910|433
|1920|417
|1930|329
|1940|362
|1950|404
|1960|392
|1970|434
|1980|473
|1990|390
|2000|392
|2010|384
|2020|363
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 363 people, 143 households, and 99 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 640.6 inhabitants per square mile (247.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 148 housing units at an average density of 261.2 per square mile (100.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 4.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 3.6% of the population.

Of the 143 households, 35.0% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% were cohabitating couples, 24.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 14.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 30.8% of all households were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 39.6 years. 25.9% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.4% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 27.3% were from 25 and 44; 23.7% were from 45 and 64; and 18.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 384 people, 148 households, and 110 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|650.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 153 housing units at an average density of {{convert|259.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.8% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.2% of the population.

There were 148 households, of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.7% were non-families. 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 37.3 years. 26.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 15.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 392 people, 146 households, and 113 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|706.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 151 housing units at an average density of {{convert|272.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.51% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.02% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.77% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.77% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.06% of the population.

There were 146 households, out of which 38.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.6% were non-families. 17.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,188, and the median income for a family was $40,750. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,285. About 4.4% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.0% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

