==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 147
|1920= 321
|1930= 279
|1940= 250
|1950= 212
|1960= 182
|1970= 204
|1980= 224
|1990= 178
|2000= 194
|2010= 160
|2020= 159
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 160 people, 70 households, and 35 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|800.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|415.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 75.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 16.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.4% of the population.

There were 70 households, of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 43.8 years. 20.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.9% were from 45 to 64; and 21.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 194 people, 74 households, and 52 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|961.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 91 housing units at an average density of {{convert|450.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 86.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.86% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.06% from two or more races.

There were 74 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.9% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $26,094, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $18,125 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,249. About 3.9% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.1% of those 65 or over.

