==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 918
|1880= 567
|1890= 446
|1900= 515
|1910= 358
|1920= 430
|1930= 423
|1940= 467
|1950= 366
|1960= 376
|1970= 527
|1980= 556
|1990= 487
|2000= 519
|2010= 614
|2020= 503
|estyear=2021
|estimate=504
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 614 people, 253 households, and 175 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|495.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 357 housing units at an average density of {{convert|287.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 253 households, of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.8% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the town was 39.5 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 519 people, 216 households, and 150 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|415.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 289 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.58% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.39% from two or more races.

There were 216 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,219, and the median income for a family was $31,528. Males had a median income of $25,469 versus $16,406 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,661. About 14.3% of families and 16.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.8% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.

