==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 6298
|2010= 6189
|2020= 6582
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/lionvillecdppennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 6,298 people, 2,574 households and 1,719 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|2,542.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,645 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,068.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.72% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.21% of the population.

There were 2,574 households, of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.2% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.02.

24.7% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 34.6% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $63,677 and the median family income was $73,500. Males had a median income of $51,294 compared with  $33,199 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $33,003. About 1.0% of families and 1.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 6.1% of those age 65 or over.

