==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1135
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,220 people, 465 households, and 357 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|369.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 505 housing units at an average density of {{convert|153.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 57.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 41.89% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.82% of the population.

There were 465 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.2% were non-families. 21.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $26,938, and the median income for a family was $30,257. Males had a median income of $26,169 versus $21,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,010. About 16.1% of families and 15.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.4% of those under age 18 and 18.6% of those age 65 or over.<ref>[https://archive.today/20200212045442/http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=&geo_id=16000US4522547&_geoContext=01000US%7C04000US45%7C16000US4522547&_street=&_county=East+Sumter&_cityTown=East+Sumter&_state=&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&ActiveGeoDiv=&_useEV=&pctxt=fph&pgsl=160&_submenuId=factsheet_1&ds_name=null&_ci_nbr=null&qr_name=null&reg=null:null&_keyword=&_industry=&show_2003_tab=&redirect=Y US Census Bureau Data]</ref>

