==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 298
|1930= 306
|1940= 263
|1950= 280
|1960= 206
|1970= 131
|1980= 144
|1990= 78
|2000= 75
|2010= 61
|2020= 74
|estyear=2022
|estimate=74
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 7, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 7, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

Dawson has a veteran's memorial wall to honor soldiers in foreign wars.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 61 people, 30 households, and 16 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|179.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|158.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.2% of the population.

There were 30 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.7% were non-families. 46.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 52.5 years. 21.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.4% were from 25 to 44; 32.8% were from 45 to 64; and 23% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.4% male and 42.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 75 people, 38 households, and 16 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|186.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|129.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 38 households, out of which 18.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 55.3% were non-families. 52.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 36.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 14.7% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 30.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 127.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,833, and the median income for a family was $22,917. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,192. There were no families and 20.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 23.3% of those over 64.

