==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 152
|1940= 177
|1950= 191
|1960= 150
|1970= 133
|1980= 126
|1990= 118
|2000= 112
|2010= 109
|2020= 69
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> there were 109 people, 50 households and 30 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|436.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|244.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 50 households, of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.0% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age was 46.3 years. 22.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.5% were from 25 to 44; 33.1% were from 45 to 64; and 19.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 112 people, 50 households and 25 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|458.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|258.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 7.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 50 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 48.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 3.44.

29.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $14,583 and the median family income was $28,125. Males had a median income of $21,875 and females $16,750. The [[per capita income]] was $10,540. There were 15.4% of families and 21.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 22.7% of under eighteens and 22.2% of those over 64.

