==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 358
|1900= 763
|1910= 921
|1920= 1008
|1930= 1235
|1940= 1356
|1950= 1498
|1960= 1601
|1970= 1629
|1980= 1790
|1990= 1782
|2000= 1739
|2010= 1782
|2020= 1774
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
The village's estimated median household income was $19,058 in 2009, and the median income for a family was $30,390. The village's [[per capita income]] was $13,739. About 27.1% of residents of the village were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.3% for [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] residents, 100% for [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] residents, 0% for [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] and [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] residents, 100% for [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] residents, and 37.6% of residents of two or more races.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, 1,782 people, 758 households, and 456 families resided in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,469|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 867 housing units at an average density of {{convert|722.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 758 households, of which 35.09% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.04.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010 the population by age was 27.5% under the age of 18, 72.5% of the age 18 & over, 5.84% of the age 20 to 24, 11.22% of the age 25 to 34, 19.36% of the age 35 to 49, 17.56% of the age 50 to 64, 14.7% of the age 65 & over. There were 839 males and 943 females.

