==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 94
| 1910 = 216
| 1920 = 210
| 1930 = 177
| 1940 = 264
| 1950 = 195
| 1960 = 155
| 1970 = 110
| 1980 = 124
| 1990 = 127
| 2000 = 116
| 2010 = 117
| 2020 = 108
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 117 people, 45 households, and 33 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|21.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 64 housing units at an average density of {{convert|11.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.9% from two or more races.

There were 45 households, of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.7% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the village was 40.5 years. 29.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.7% male and 45.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 116 people, 45 households, and 32 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 21.0 people per square mile (8.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 60 housing units at an average density of 10.9 per square mile (4.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.86% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 45 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,167, and the median income for a family was $50,000. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $23,177. There were 19.4% of families and 19.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 21.6% of under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.

