==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|2000= 726
|2010= 
|2020= 782
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2000<ref name=2000CensusVA>{{Cite web|title= 2000 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - Virginia|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-48.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2010<ref name=2010CensusVA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - Virginia|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2020
}}

Penhook was first listed as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2000 U.S. census]].<ref name=2000CensusVA/>

The 2000 [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> recorded 726 people, 308 households, and 243 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 65.0 people per square mile (25.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 694 housing units at an average density of 62.2/sq&nbsp;mi (24.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 80.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 18.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.41% of the population.

There were 308 households, out of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.8% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 17.8% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 35.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $55,278, and the median income for a family was $71,667. Males had a median income of $32,778 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $48,663. About 5.7% of families and 15.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.7% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

