==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 114
|1970= 72
|1980= 31
|1990= 8
|2000= 5
|2010= 3
|2020= 3
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|publisher=[[US Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2/> 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2/>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Baker village, Missouri – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Baker village, Missouri|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2903034&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Baker village, Missouri|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2903034&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|3
|2
|100.00%
|66.67%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|Some Other Race alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed Race orMulti-Racial]] (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|0
|1
|0.00%
|33.33%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''3'''
|'''3'''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|}
''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.''

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3 people, 1 household, and 1 family residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|14.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2 housing units at an average density of {{convert|9.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There was 1 household, of which 100.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together. 0.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 60.5 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 33.3% were from 25 to 44; 33.3% were from 45 to 64; and 33.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 66.7% male and 33.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 5 people, 2 households, and 1 family residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|24.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2 housing units at an average density of {{convert|9.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were two households, neither of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, one of which was a [[Marriage|married couple]] living together, and one of which was a non-family. One household was made up of an individual living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 4.00.

The age distribution was one person aged 19, one between 20 and 24, two persons between 45 and 54, and one person between 65 and 74 years of age. The median age was 47.5 years. There were three female inhabitants and two male inhabitants. All five residents were 18 years or older.

The median income for a household and a family in the village was $177,361. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $79,631 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $182,000. The single family was not below the [[poverty line]].

