==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 163
|1890= 496
|1900= 928
|1910= 803
|1920= 922
|1930= 786
|1940= 852
|1950= 837
|1960= 852
|1970= 777
|1980= 783
|1990= 730
|2000= 768
|2010= 698
|2020= 602
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 698 people, 306 households, and 164 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|545.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 343 housing units at an average density of {{convert|268.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.0% of the population.

There were 306 households, of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.4% were non-families. 39.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the city was 41.5 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 18.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 768 people, 285 households, and 174 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|723.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 322 housing units at an average density of {{convert|303.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 92.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.52% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.55% of the population.

There were 285 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 15.9% from 45 to 64, and 24.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,222, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $28,958 versus $19,219 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,657.

Notable People

[[Walter F. Mondale]] (1928-2021), 42nd vice president of the United States, lived in Heron Lake from 1934 to 1937.

[[Harvey Edwin Swennes]] (1899-1964), newspaper editor, publisher, and Minnesota state legislator, was born in Heron Lake.<ref>[https://www.lrl.mn.gov/legdb/fulldetail?ID=15027 Minnesota Legislators: Past & Present-Harvey Edwin Swennes]</ref>

[[Garland Buckeye]] (1897-1975), hailed from the small town of Heron Lake.  Mr. Buckeye played both baseball and football professionally between 1918 and 1928.<ref>{{Citation |title=Garland Buckeye |date=2023-06-18 |url=https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Garland_Buckeye&oldid=1160719273 |work=Wikipedia |access-date=2023-08-04 |language=en}}</ref>

[[Frederick William Freking]] (1913–1998), Catholic bishop, was born in Heron Lake.

