==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1980= 584
|1990= 492
|2000= 501
|2010= 462
|2020= 417
|estyear=2021
|estimate=420
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 501 people, 208 households, and 122 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,134.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 221 housing units at an average density of {{convert|941.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanics]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latinos]] of any race were 0.80% of the population.

There were 208 households, of which 30.8% had children under 18 living with them, 43.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.3% were non-families. 35.1% of all households comprised individuals, and 23.6% had someone 65 years or older living alone. The average household size was 2.41, and the average family size was 3.18.

The borough's population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years or older. The median age was 36. For every 100 females, there were 91.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $21,058, and the median income for a family was $28,214. Males had a median income of $23,438 versus $17,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $10,951. About 16.7% of families and 19.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.5% of those under age 18 and 15.9% of those age 65 or over.

