==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 84
|2020= 68
|estyear=
|estimate= 
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Lookout first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Lookout had a population of 68. The population density was {{convert|12.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Lookout was 60 (88%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 1 (1%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0 (0%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1 (1%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6 (9%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 6 persons (9%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Lookout CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0643126 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 28, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 24 households, out of which 10 (42%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 8 (33%) were married-couple households, 0 (0%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 12 (50%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 4 (17%) had a male householder with no partner present. 10 households (42%) were one person, and 7 (29%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.83.<ref name=DP1/> There were 12 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (50% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Lookout CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0643126 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 28, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 20 people (29%) under the age of 18, 1 people (1%) aged 18 to 24, 11 people (16%) aged 25 to 44, 11 people (16%) aged 45 to 64, and 25 people (37%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 51.0{{nbsp}}years.    There were 40 males and 28 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|8.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 24 (53%) were occupied. Of these, 13 (54%) were owner-occupied, and 11 (46%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

