==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1990 = 345
| 2000 = 507
| 2010 = 335
| 2020 = 284
| footnote = Source: U.S. Census Bureau<ref name=census>{{cite web |url = https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title = Census of Population and Housing |publisher = U.S. Census Bureau |accessdate = November 18, 2011}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 507 people, 117 households, and 100 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 41.8 people per square mile (16.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 170 housing units at an average density of 14.0/sq&nbsp;mi (5.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]],  0.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.18% of the population.

There were 117 households, out of which 61.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.7% were non-families. 12.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.33 and the average family size was 4.75.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 44.6% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 16.2% from 45 to 64, and 2.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $30,208. Males had a median income of $27,292 versus $15,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $6,920. About 31.2% of families and 33.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.1% of those under age 18 and 100.0% of those age 65 or over.

