==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 1254
|1880= 1804
|1890= 2132
|1900= 3147
|1910= 4004
|1920= 5493
|1930= 4283
|1940= 4262
|1950= 4559
|1960= 4851
|1970= 5277
|1980= 5659
|1990= 5836
|2000= 6164
|2010= 6978
|2020= 6818
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref> 2020<ref name="GR2"/>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 Census]], there were 6,818 people living in 2,466 [[household]]s in the village,<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |title=DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS - Census Bureau Table |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Walden,%20New%20York&y=2020&d=DEC%20Demographic%20and%20Housing%20Characteristics |access-date=March 30, 2024 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> giving it an average household size of 2.76. The population density was {{convert|3,325.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.{{Citation needed|date=January 2021}} There were There were 2,671 housing units,<ref name=":0" /> at an average density of {{convert|1,302.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.{{Citation needed|date=January 2022}} The racial makeup of the village was 77.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]], 13.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 15.8% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 12.1% from two or more races.<ref name=":0" /> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 23.4% of the population.<ref name=":0" /> Per the 2022 [[American Community Survey]] five-year estimate, the majority of Walden's Hispanic or Latino is of [[Puerto Ricans|Puerto Rican]] origin, whom account for 11.7% of Walden's total population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=B03001: Hispanic or Latino Origin by Specific Origin - Census Bureau Table |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSDT5Y2022.B03001?q=Walden,%20New%20York&t=Race%20and%20Ethnicity |access-date=March 30, 2024 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

Of the village's 2,466 households, 1,121 (45.5%) comprised [[Marriage|married]] couples living together, 10.3% were [[Cohabitation|cohabiting]] couples, 15.8% were [[male]] householders with no spouse, and 28.4% were [[female]] householders with no spouse.<ref name=":0" /> 23.1% of Walden's population was under 18 years old, and 12.9% was 65 year old and over.<ref name=":0" /> The median age was 36.2 years old.<ref name=":0" /> Walden has a [[sex ratio]] of 108.5 females per 100 males.<ref name=":0" />

Per the 2022 American Community Survey five-year estimate, Walden has a [[median]] household income of $76,724, and a [[mean]] household income of $85,463.<ref name=":1">{{Cite web |title=S1901: Income in the Past 12 Months (in 2022 Inflation-Adjusted Dollars) - Census Bureau Table |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2022.S1901?q=Walden,%20New%20York&t=Income%20and%20Poverty |access-date=March 30, 2024 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> The median income for families in the village is $103,672, and the mean income for families is $106,984.<ref name=":1" /> 17.6% of Walden's population and 13.2% of Walden's families are below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]].<ref name=":2">{{Cite web |title=S1701: Poverty Status in the Past 12 Months - Census Bureau Table |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2022.S1701?q=Walden,%20New%20York&t=Income%20and%20Poverty |access-date=March 30, 2024 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=S1702: Poverty Status in the Past 12 Months of Families - Census Bureau Table |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2022.S1702?q=Walden,%20New%20York&t=Income%20and%20Poverty |access-date=March 30, 2024 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 22.9% of people under 18 years old, and 19.9% of people 65 years old and over live below the poverty line.<ref name=":2" />{{Clear}}

