==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 696
|1970= 562
|1980= 506
|1990= 441
|2000= 399
|2010= 325
|2020= 291
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 325 people, 134 households, and 82 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1354.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 159 housing units at an average density of {{convert|662.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 134 households, of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.8% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the city was 42.4 years. 16.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.9% were from 25 to 44; 33.8% were from 45 to 64; and 10.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
The [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000 recorded 399 people, 171 households, and 108 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,663.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 182 housing units at an average density of {{convert|758.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.50% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.50% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.26% of the population.

Of the 171 households, 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% consisted of [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.8% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 34.6% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,250, and the median income for a family was $31,806. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $19,306 for females. The [[per-capita income]] for the city was $14,263. About 13.4% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.2% of those under age 18 and 21.3% of those age 65 or over.

