==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 236
|1880= 367
|1890= 393
|1900= 298
|1910= 268
|1920= 246
|1930= 239
|1940= 264
|1950= 317
|1960= 349
|1970= 340
|1980= 329
|1990= 298
|2000= 226
|2010= 249
|2020= 286
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
The 2020 decennial U.S. census of New Riegel enumerated 286 residents in 117 households, 276 of whom were Caucasian and 10 were Latinx.<ref>{{cite web | url=https://www.census.gov/content/census/en/search-results.html?stateGeo=none&q=New%20Riegel%20village,%20Ohio&searchtype=web | title=Search Results }}</ref> The 2020 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates state that 64.2% of residents are employed, the median household income in New Riegel is $55,417, that 18.5% of residents possess a bachelor degree or higher, and that 3.0% are without health care coverage.<ref>{{cite web | url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/all?q=new%20riegel,%20ohio | title=Explore Census Data }}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 249 people, 110 households, and 68 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1245.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|580.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.4% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 110 households, of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.2% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 41.9 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 226 people, 100 households, and 57 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,141.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|515.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.88% of the population.

There were 100 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 88.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,000, and the median income for a family was $46,667. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $19,286 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,409. About 1.9% of families and 4.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 22.0% of those sixty-five or over.

