==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 357
|1910= 363
|1920= 381
|1930= 368
|1940= 338
|1950= 241
|1960= 259
|1970= 232
|1980= 267
|1990= 257
|2000= 247
|2010= 188
|2020= 168
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 188 people, 82 households, and 49 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|783.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|429.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 82 households, of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.2% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 39 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.5% were from 25 to 44; 23.4% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 247 people, 96 households, and 64 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,060.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|485.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.81% from two or more races.

There were 96 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.3% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.26.

In the city the population was spread out, with 30.0% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,563, and the median income for a family was $24,444. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $28,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,356. About 21.2% of families and 21.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.8% of those 65 or over.

