==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = right
| 1890 = 406
| 1900 = 531
| 1910 = 829
| 1920 = 1154
| 1930 = 1076
| 1940 = 1227
| 1950 = 1585
| 1960 = 1729
| 1970 = 1630
| 1980 = 1931
| 1990 = 1953
| 2000 = 2180
| 2010 = 2221
| 2020 = 2172
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,221 people, 951 households, and 564 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|917.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|456.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 951 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.7% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 44.7 years. 21.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 25% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,180 people, 939 households, and 568 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 925.7 people per square mile (358.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,052 housing units at an average density of 446.7 per square mile (172.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.96% of the population.

There were 939 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.5% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 25.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,270, and the median income for a family was $40,114. Males had a median income of $28,375 versus $18,906 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,922. About 9.0% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.0% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

