==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 398
|1880= 441
|1890= 574
|1900= 779
|1910= 1028
|1920= 1103
|1930= 837
|1940= 915
|1950= 861
|1960= 860
|1970= 801
|1980= 799
|1990= 659
|2000= 677
|2010= 748
|2020= 850
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Madisonville racial composition as of 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2247560&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 28, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 741
| 87.18%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 38
| 4.47%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 4
| 0.47%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 12
| 1.41%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 21
| 2.47%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 34
| 4.0%
|}
At the [[2020 United States census]], there were 850 people, 333 households, and 201 families residing in the town. At the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{Cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |title=U.S. Census website |access-date=July 2, 2015 }}</ref> there were 677 people, 302 households, and 186 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|277.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 346 housing units at an average density of {{convert|141.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 85.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.04% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]], 0.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.77% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.51% of the population.

There were 302 households, out of which 21.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.4% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.2% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 29.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $50,625, and the median income for a family was $57,083. Males had a median income of $41,042 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $25,114. About 4.5% of families and 7.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.3% of those under age 18 and 17.8% of those age 65 or over.

