==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 205
|1920= 186
|1930= 148
|1940= 126
|1950= 60
|1960= 45
|1970= 34
|1980= 33
|1990= 28
|2000= 33
|2010= 30
|2020= 28
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 30 people, 15 households, and 10 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|214.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 18 housing units at an average density of {{convert|128.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 15 households, of which 13.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the village was 51 years. 13.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 36.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 56.7% male and 43.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 33 people, 16 households, and 12 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|232.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 17 housing units at an average density of {{convert|120.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 16 households, out of which 6.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.42.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 12.1% under the age of 18, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 48.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,726. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

