==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 103
|1860= 362
|1870= 304
|1880= 239
|1890= 220
|1900= 247
|1910= 181
|1920= 165
|1930= 155
|1940= 155
|1950= 191
|1960= 171
|1970= 176
|1980= 213
|1990= 163
|2000= 172
|2010= 168
|2020= 135
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1720526 |access-date=June 28, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 135 people, 62 households, and 46 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|482.14|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 69 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|246.43|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.19% of the population.

There were 62 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.58% were married couples living together, none had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.81% were non-families. 22.58% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.27.

The village's age distribution consisted of 20.6% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 14.9% from 25 to 44, 29.1% from 45 to 64, and 31.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,618. Males had a median income of $45,417 versus $39,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $29,457. About 13.0% of families and 17.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.7% of those under age 18 and 18.2% of those age 65 or over.

