==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 135
|1990= 38
|2000= 92
|2010= 78
|2020= 55
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Tonsina first appeared on the 1980 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 92 people, 34 households, and 21 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 84.78% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.17% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 9.78% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]] and 3.26% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]].

There were 34 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were married couples living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.45.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 32.6% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 17.4% from 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 142.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 121.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,188, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $58,000 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,390. There were 7.4% of families and 6.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

