==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 577
|1980= 465
|1990= 565
|2000= 623
|2010= 767
|2020= 791
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 623 people, 308 households, and 170 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|3,298.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 316 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,673.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.53% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.96% of the population.

There were 308 households, out of which 16.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.5% were non-families. 39.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.5% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 30.5% from 45 to 64, and 23.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 69.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 67.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $45,583, and the median income for a family was $57,250. Males had a median income of $34,219 versus $38,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $28,915. None of the families and 0.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.{{clear left}}

