==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1890 = 222
| 1900 = 174
| 1910 = 162
| 1920 = 223
| 1930 = 196
| 1940 = 207
| 1950 = 120
| 1960 = 99
| 1970 = 82
| 1980 = 139
| 1990 = 125
| 2000 = 99
| 2010 = 159
| 2020 = 144
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 149
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 99 people, 35 households, and 26 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|76.4|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|35.5|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.90% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 10.10% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]]. 2.02% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 35 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.7% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.3% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $31,667. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $14,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,269. There were 23.1% of families and 38.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 48.6% of under eighteens and 25.0% of those over 64.

