==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 212
|1920= 273
|1930= 402
|1940= 423
|1950= 335
|1960= 415
|1970= 410
|1980= 387
|1990= 332
|2000= 316
|2010= 339
|2020= 370
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 316 people, 144 households, and 87 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|572.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 165 housing units at an average density of {{convert|299.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.90% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.32% from two or more races. 1.27% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 144 households, out of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 20.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 73.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,044, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $14,107 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,480. 20.9% of the population and 16.5% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 18.9% of those under the age of 18 and 27.3% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

