==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 282
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 33 people, 9 households, and 7 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 8.7 people per square mile (3.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 11 housing units at an average density of 2.9/sq&nbsp;mi (1.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 3.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 96.97% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 9 households, out of which 44.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 11.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.67 and the average family size was 3.86.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 45.5% under the age of 18, 12.1% from 18 to 24, 18.2% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 6.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 20 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $56,250, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $23,333 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,815. There were no families and 10.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including none under 18 and none of those over 64.

