==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 7223
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 6,442 people, 2,873 households, and 1,643 families residing in the neighborhood. The population density was {{convert|3,727.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,057 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,768.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the neighborhood was 88.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.44% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.70% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.77% of the population.

There were 2,873 households, out of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.8% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the neighborhood the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.8 males.

The median income for a household in the neighborhood was $50,984, and the median income for a family was $66,974. Males had a median income of $46,232 versus $35,890 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the neighborhood was $32,514. About 6.8% of families and 8.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.1% of those under age 18 and 0.6% of those age 65 or over.

