==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 83
|1880= 306
|1890= 233
|1900= 331
|1910= 294
|1920= 280
|1930= 243
|1940= 223
|1950= 179
|1960= 130
|1970= 89
|1980= 153
|1990= 189
|2000= 219
|2010= 302
|2020= 338
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, 219 people, 64 households, and 54 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 731.4 people per square mile (281.9/km2). There were 84 housing units at an average density of 280.5 per square mile (108.1/km2). The town's racial makeup was 97.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.83% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.31% of the population.

There were 64 households, out of which 43.8% had children under 18 living with them, 78.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.1% were non-families. 12.5% of all households comprised individuals, and 6.3% had someone who was 65 or older living alone. The average household size was 3.42, and the average family size was 3.73.

The town's population was spread out, with 34.2% under 18, 12.8% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,313, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,885. About 3.7% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.8% of those under eighteen and 19.0% of those 65 or over.

