==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1870 = 725
| 1880 = 723
| 1890 = 736
| 1900 = 1068
| 1910 = 1044
| 1920 = 1077
| 1930 = 1065
| 1940 = 1116
| 1950 = 1416
| 1960 = 1620
| 1970 = 1831
| 1980 = 1959
| 1990 = 2093
| 2000 = 2882
| 2010 = 3050
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
| 2020 = 3189
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,050 people, 1,224 households, and 796 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1723.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,272 housing units at an average density of {{convert|718.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2% of the population.

There were 1,224 households, of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 40.4 years. 26.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,882 people, 1,141 households, and 745 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2,008.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 1,199 housing units at an average density of {{convert|835.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.03% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.69% from two or more races. 1.01% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,141 households, out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.7% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $51,357, and the median income for a family was $57,763. Males had a median income of $37,049 versus $27,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $23,546. About 1.6% of families and 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.4% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.

In 2018, the median household income of Lodi residents was $72,944. Lodi households made slightly more than Shorewood households ($72,903) and Waukau households ($72,917). However, 7% of Lodi residents lived in poverty.<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.wisconsin-demographics.com/lodi-demographics|title = Lodi Demographics - Get Current Census Data for Lodi, WI}}</ref>

