==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 322
|1940= 335
|1950= 380
|1960= 325
|1970= 412
|1980= 445
|1990= 400
|2000= 402
|2010= 337
|2020= 328
|estyear=2022
|estimate=325
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 22, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 22, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 21, 2013 }}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 337 people, 130 households, and 82 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|221.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 144 housing units at an average density of {{convert|94.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 130 households, of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.9% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 43.6 years. 25.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19% were from 25 to 44; 22.3% were from 45 to 64; and 26.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 402 people, 129 households, and 82 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|265.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 140 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.22% of the population.

The top six ancestry groups in the city are [[Germany|German]] (49.3%), [[Norway|Norwegian]] (32.8%), [[Sweden|Swedish]] (13.9%), [[Ireland|Irish]] (10.7%), [[England|English]] (8.7%), [[France|French]] (6.0%).

There were 129 households, out of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 2.5% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 15.9% from 45 to 64, and 29.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 85.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $19,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,948. About 7.9% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.9% of those under age 18 and 11.7% of those age 65 or over.

