==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 308
|1920= 452
|1930= 429
|1940= 439
|1950= 382
|1960= 284
|1970= 230
|1980= 310
|1990= 390
|2000= 425
|2010= 437
|2020= 511
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 437 people, 139 households, and 112 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|221.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|74.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 139 households, of which 45.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 19.4% were non-families. 18.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.14 and the average family size was 3.63.

The median age in the city was 29 years. 37.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 9.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 425 people, 118 households, and 105 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|214.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 129 housing units at an average density of {{convert|65.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.88% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.29% of the population.

There were 118 households, out of which 56.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 81.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.0% were non-families. 11.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.60 and the average family size was 3.84.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 39.5% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 17.9% from 45 to 64, and 7.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.3 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 107.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,556, and the median income for a family was $35,750. Males had a median income of $31,458 versus $17,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,206.  About 8.6% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.8% of those under age 18 and 12.9% of those age 65 or over.

