==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 1267
| 1910 = 1964
| 1920 = 1406
| 1930 = 1937
| 1940 = 2290
| 1950 = 2307
| 1960 = 2358
| 1970 = 2432
| 1980 = 2182
| 1990 = 2040
| 2000 = 1769
| 2010 = 1494
| 2020 = 1285
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
{| class="wikitable"
|+ Ontonagon racial composition in 2020<ref name="wwwcensusgov" />
! Race
! Num.
! Perc.
|-
| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
| 1,194
| 92.92%
|-
| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
| 0
| 0.0%
|-
| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 6
| 0.47%
|-
| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 8
| 0.62%
|-
| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.08%
|-
| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/mixed]]
| 76
| 5.91%
|-
| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 22
| 1.71%
|}

According to the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,494 people, 717 households, and 390 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|402.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 910 housing units at an average density of {{convert|245.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. At the census of 2020, there were 1,285 people residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|374.96|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 893 housing units at an average density of {{convert|242|/sqmi|/km2|1}}.

In 2020, its racial makeup was 92.92% [[Non-Hispanic whites|non-Hispanic white]], 0.47% Native American, 0.62% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 5.91% other, and 1.71% Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref name="wwwcensusgov" />

In 2010, the racial makeup of the village was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.2% of the population.

In 2010, there were 717 households, of which 19.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.6% were non-families. 41.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.99 and the average family size was 2.66. The median age in the village was 51.1 years. 17.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 33.3% were from 45 to 64; and 25.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

In 2000, the median income for a household in the village was $28,300, and the median income for a family was $35,804. Males had a median income of $36,964 versus $20,815 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,293. 11.8% of the population and 6.5% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. 15.1% of those under the age of 18 and 10.0% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

