==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|186
|1890|133
|1900|163
|1910|147
|1920|136
|1930|123
|1940|166
|1950|133
|1960|157
|1970|120
|1980|138
|1990|128
|2000|126
|2010|130
|2020|176
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 176 people, 72 households, and 40 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 390.1 inhabitants per square mile (150.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 82 housing units at an average density of 181.8 per square mile (70.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 96.0% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.1% of the population.

Of the 72 households, 33.3% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.3% were cohabitating couples, 19.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 27.8% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 44.4% of all households were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 40.2 years. 24.4% of the residents were under the age of 20; 6.8% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 and 44; 27.3% were from 45 and 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 130 people in 57 households, including 37 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|650.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|330.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 99.2% White and 0.8% Pacific Islander.

Of the 57 households 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were married couples living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.1% were non-families. 29.8% of households were one person and 10.5% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age was 43 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30% were from 25 to 44; 21.5% were from 45 to 64; and 22.3% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 126 people in 58 households, including 33 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|635.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|337.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 100.00% White.

Of the 58 households 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were married couples living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.4% were non-families. 27.6% of households were one person and 6.9% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.74.

The age distribution was 16.7% under the age of 18, 12.7% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 34.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% 65 or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 129.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 118.8 males.

The median household income was $47,500 and the median family income  was $52,500. Males had a median income of $31,607 versus $24,375 for females. The per capita income for the city was $21,457. There were no families and 1.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

