==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 219
|1900= 335
|1910= 591
|1920= 924
|1930= 787
|1940= 550
|1950= 425
|1960= 356
|1970= 279
|1980= 318
|1990= 346
|2000= 409
|2010= 365
|2020= 271
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 365 people, 133 households, and 95 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|100.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|45.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 86.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 6.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 133 households, of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.6% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.25.

The median age in the city was 37.1 years. 27.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 11.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 409 people, 149 households, and 101 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|108.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 175 housing units at an average density of {{convert|46.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.71% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.49% of the population.

There were 149 households, out of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.2% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.35.

In the city the population was spread out, with 32.3% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,125, and the median income for a family was $31,406. Males had a median income of $23,393 versus $16,094 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,560. About 14.9% of families and 15.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.5% of those under age 18 and 32.1% of those age 65 or over.

