==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 68
|2010= 37
|2020= 5
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Aleneva first appeared on the 2000 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).<ref>{{Cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2000/phc-1-3.pdf |title=2000 Census of Population and Housing - Alaska |author=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=October 13, 2019 |archive-date=March 18, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210318011024/https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2000/phc-1-3.pdf |url-status=dead }}</ref> Within its present boundaries is the former historic community of [[Afognak, Alaska|'''Afognak''']].

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 68 people, 14 households, and 13 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 14 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.53% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 1.47% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]].

There were 14 households, out of which 57.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 92.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 7.1% were non-families. No households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.86 and the average family size was 5.08.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 52.9% under the age of 18, 14.7% from 18 to 24, 17.6% from 25 to 44, 10.3% from 45 to 64, and 4.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 17 years. For every 100 females, there were 119.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $10,417, and the median income for a family was $10,417. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $3,707. There were 47.6% of families and 40.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 30.6% of under 18 and 25.0% of those over 64.

