==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 575
|1920= 552
|1930= 628
|1940= 682
|1950= 935
|1960= 1086
|1970= 967
|1980= 1147
|1990= 741
|2000= 1102
|2010= 1048
|2020= 962
|estyear=2021
|estimate=933
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,048 people, 347 households, and 182 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2687.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 408 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1046.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 347 households, of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.6% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the town was 23.1 years. 11.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 43.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16% were from 25 to 44; 18.4% were from 45 to 64; and 10.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,102 people, 359 households, and 199 families living in the town.<ref name="GR2" /> The [[population density]] was 2,549.5 inhabitants per square mile (989.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 414 housing units at an average density of 957.8 per square mile (371.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 92.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.54% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.91% of the population.

There were 359 households, out of which 20.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.3% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 12.7% under the age of 18, 40.1% from 18 to 24, 17.4% from 25 to 44, 17.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 147.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 156.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,260, and the median income for a family was $45,694. Males had a median income of $28,214 versus $20,268 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,553. About 9.7% of families and 20.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.1% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.

