==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 122
|1890= 173
|1900= 148
|1910= 257
|1920= 270
|1930= 190
|1990= 69
|2000= 104
|2010= 116
|2020= 95
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref> 2020<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web|title=2020 Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US2900748|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 116 people, 42 households, and 33 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|725.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|306.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.86% from two or more races.

There were 42 households, of which 40.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.4% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the village was 35.5 years. 31% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 56.9% male and 43.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 104 people, 42 households, and 29 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|598.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|293.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 42 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 13.5% from 18 to 24, 19.2% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $19,583, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $12,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,993. There were 14.3% of families and 21.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 31.3% of under eighteens and 9.1% of those over 64.

