==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 193
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 219 people, 98 households, and 53 families residing in the [[Census-designated place|CDP]]. The population density was {{convert|115.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|62.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the [[Census-designated place|CDP]] was 98.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.91% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.83% of the population.

There were 98 households, out of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.9% were non-families. 41.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 21.5% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

The median income for a household in the [[Census-designated place|CDP]] was $25,313, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $16,667 versus $15,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,186. About 16.3% of families and 20.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.6% of those 65 or over.

