==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 507
|2010= 725
|2020= 943
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> there were 725 people, 302 households and 241 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|203.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 327 housing units at an average density of {{convert|91.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 89.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 302 households, of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.2% were non-families. 16.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.66.

The median age in the village was 50.4 years. 18.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 38.1% were from 45 to 64; and 19.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 507 people, 203 households and 169 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|141.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 220 housing units at an average density of {{convert|61.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.79% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.78% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.58% of the population.

There were 203 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.7% were non-families. 12.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.72.

20.3% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 34.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $53,750 and the median family income was $61,250. Males had a median income of $52,188 compared with  $26,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $28,583. About 1.2% of families and 1.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty-five or over.

