==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 72
|1880= 519
|1890= 524
|1900= 561
|1910= 660
|1920= 679
|1930= 671
|1940= 688
|1950= 633
|1960= 589
|1970= 631
|1980= 680
|1990= 768
|2000= 792
|2010= 767
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020= 777
|2020n= <ref>{{cite web |title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=2025-09-16}}</ref>
|estyear= 2024
|estimate= 768
|estref= <ref>{{cite web |title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=2025-09-16}}</ref> {{decrease}}
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 767 people, 301 households, and 201 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|774.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 342 housing units at an average density of {{convert|345.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 12.1% of the population.

There were 301 households, of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.2% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.14.

The median age in the village was 35.7 years. 28.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 10% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 792 people, 307 households, and 195 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 752 people per square mile (291.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 339 housing units at an average density of 321.9 per square mile (124.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 95.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.9% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 6.44% of the population.

There were 307 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.2% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.3.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.1% under the age of 18, 8% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $49,750. Males had a median income of $35,313 versus $22,109 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,070. About 4.2% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.6% of those under age 18 and 9% of those age 65 or over.

