==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 234
|1930= 217
|1940= 268
|1950= 201
|1960= 150
|1970= 137
|1980= 208
|1990= 228
|2000= 213
|2010= 259
|2020= 413
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 259 people, 77 households, and 68 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|115.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|39.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 77 households, of which 46.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 84.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 11.7% were non-families. 11.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.36 and the average family size was 3.65.

The median age in the city was 31.4 years. 40.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 20.8% were from 45 to 64; and 11.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 213 people, 61 households, and 53 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|94.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 71 housing units at an average density of {{convert|31.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.47% of the population.

There were 61 households, out of which 45.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.5% were non-families. 11.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.49 and the average family size was 3.78.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 36.6% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 18.3% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,208, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $28,333 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,755.  About 9.7% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

