==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 252
|1920= 199
|1930= 203
|1940= 317
|1950= 442
|1960= 584
|1970= 564
|1980= 768
|1990= 838
|2000= 1028
|2010= 889
|2020= 945
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 889 people, 435 households, and 233 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|398.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 598 housing units at an average density of {{convert|268.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 435 households, of which 20.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.4% were non-families. 41.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the city was 49.8 years. 17.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.4% were from 25 to 44; 30.3% were from 45 to 64; and 25.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.1% male and 47.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,028 people, 468 households, and 285 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|450.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 733 housing units at an average density of {{convert|321.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.49% of the population.

There were 468 households, out of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,511, and the median income for a family was $34,348. Males had a median income of $26,641 versus $18,295 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,229. About 17.5% of families and 17.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.0% of those under age 18 and 10.9% of those age 65 or over.

