==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 278
|2010= 244
|2020= 144
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 278 people, 154 households, and 93 families in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|120.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 199 housing units at an average density of {{convert|86.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 95.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.80% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.16%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref>

Of the 154 households, 7.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were married couples living together, 1.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.6% were non-families. Of all households, 33.8% were one-person households and 14.9% were one-person households aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.81 and the average family size was 2.20.

The age distribution was 7.6% under the age of 18, 1.1% from 18 to 24, 14.7% from 25 to 44, 42.1% from 45 to 64, and 34.5% 65 or older. The median age was 59 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.7 males.

The median household income was $42,563 and the median family income was $44,333. Males had a median income of $24,632 versus $19,531 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $20,870. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

