==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 86
|2010= 143
|2020= 72
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 86 people, 44 households, and 27 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 188 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 17.44% of the population.

There were 44 households, out of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 38.6% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.48.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 14.0% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 17.4% from 25 to 44, 33.7% from 45 to 64, and 30.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $25,250, and the median income for a family was $29,167. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,590. There were no families and 10.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 45.5% of those over 64.

