==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1830= 169
|1840= 329
|1860= 641
|1870= 1178
|1880= 2395
|1890= 3369
|1900= 3963
|1910= 3974
|1920= 3977
|1930= 4655
|1940= 4853
|1950= 4309
|1960= 3824
|1970= 3001
|1980= 2642
|1990= 2318
|2000= 2186
|2010= 1831
|2020= 1582
|estyear=2023
|estimate=1534
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,186 people, 973 households, and 586 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,569.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,090 housing units at an average density of {{convert|782.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.82% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.50% of the population.

There were 973 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.7% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,685, and the median income for a family was $33,231. Males had a median income of $24,156 versus $18,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,723. About 11.5% of families and 16.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.1% of those under age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,831 people, 810 households, and 472 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1336.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 943 housing units at an average density of {{convert|688.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 89.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 810 households, of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.7% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the village was 43.3 years. 19.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 30.7% were from 45 to 64; and 17.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

