==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 1561
|1860= 1219
|1870= 1389
|1880= 1533
|1890= 1515
|1900= 1184
|1910= 1070
|1920= 1063
|1930= 888
|1940= 945
|1950= 1173
|1960= 1328
|1970= 1688
|1980= 1791
|1990= 1287
|2000= 803
|2010= 1734
|2020= 1531
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1494
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 25, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=February 25, 2023}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|access-date=August 27, 2013|author-link=United States Census Bureau}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,734 people, 518 households, and 192 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|4686.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 583 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1575.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 85.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 518 households, of which 15.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 24.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 62.9% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the town was 21.9 years. 7.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 55.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15% were from 25 to 44; 14.1% were from 45 to 64; and 7.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 803 people, 410 households, and 168 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,217.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 454 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,253.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 80.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 17.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.87% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.12% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.87% of the population.

There were 410 households, out of which 13.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 58.8% were non-families. 41.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 12.5% under the age of 18, 19.9% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,750, and the median income for a family was $55,000. Males had a median income of $35,833 versus $30,139 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $28,539. About 7.5% of families and 15.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.1% of those under age 18 and 1.5% of those age 65 or over.

