==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 600
|1880= 1760
|1890= 1352
|1900= 1234
|1910= 1012
|1920= 862
|1930= 955
|1940= 908
|1950= 1123
|1960= 1139
|1970= 1089
|1980= 1315
|1990= 1504
|2000= 1504
|2010= 1417
|2020= 1348
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Stanton+city,+Michigan |access-date=2025-11-24 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> of 2020, there were 1,348 people, 486 households, and 267 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 628.1 inhabitants per square mile (242.51/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 486 occupied housing units at an average density of 226.05 per square mile (87.25/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 93.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67 % [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.33% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.08% from two or more races.

There were 486 households with an average household size of 2.42. Of 486 households 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.62% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.93% had a male householder with no wife present. 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.29.

The median age in the city was 44.6 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.70% were from 25 to 44; 35.06% were from 45 to 64; and 14.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.34% male and 44.67% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,417 people, 508 households, and 315 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|659.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 579 housing units at an average density of {{convert|269.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.9% of the population.

There were 508 households, of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.0% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the city was 33.8 years. 23.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.5% were from 25 to 44; 21.3% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,504 people, 555 households, and 362 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|701.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 609 housing units at an average density of {{convert|284.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.85% of the population. 46.9% of the town was Finnish, the largest percentage of any populated place in the United States.<ref name=CViewer>{{cite web|last=Census Viewer|title=Population of the City of Stanton, Michigan|url=http://censusviewer.com/city/MI/Stanton/2000|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150427142945/http://censusviewer.com/city/MI/Stanton/2000|url-status=usurped|archive-date=April 27, 2015|access-date=29 April 2012}}</ref>

There were 555 households, out of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.9% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,286, and the median income for a family was $39,688. Males had a median income of $32,569 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,901.  About 17.8% of families and 21.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.3% of those under age 18 and 12.2% of those age 65 or over.

