==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1870
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}As of the 2020 census, there were 1,870 people, 782 families, and 741 housing units.<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile?g=160XX00US4178800 |access-date=2023-05-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> In the city, there were 1,683 [[White Americans|White]] people, 11 [[African Americans]], 22 [[Native Americans in the United States|Native Americans]], 12 [[Asian Americans|Asians]], 3 [[Pacific Islander]]s, 10 people who said they were from another race, and 129 who were from two or more races. 86 people were of [[Hispanic]] or [[Latin America|Latino]] origin.<ref name=":0" />

The ancestry of Warren, Oregon was 25.5% [[German Americans|German]], 10.7% [[English Americans|English]],8.5% [[Irish Americans|Irish]], 8.2% [[Norwegian Americans|Norwegian]], 7.5% [[Scottish Americans|Scottish]], 2.7% [[Italian Americans|Italian]], 2.3% [[Polish Americans|Polish]], and 1.8% [[French Americans|French]].<ref name=":0" />

The median age in Warren was 59.9 years old. With 37.6% of the population being over 65, 22.4% were from 65 to 74, 14.3% 75 to 84, and 0.9% were older than 85. 1.4% of the population were foreign born.<ref name=":0" />

The median household income was $88,409. For families it was $104,196, for married-couple families it was the same, and for non-families it was $42,205. 1.8% of the population were in poverty. 5.3% of people under 18 were in poverty, 2.1% of people 18 to 64 years old were in poverty, and 0.0% of people over 65 were in poverty.<ref name=":0" />

