==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 129
|1930= 167
|1940= 176
|1950= 171
|1960= 138
|1970= 147
|1980= 155
|1990= 145
|2000= 162
|2010= 106
|2020= 125
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 106 people, 46 households, and 26 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|365.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|179.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.6% of the population.

There were 46 households, of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.5% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the village was 42 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.1% were from 25 to 44; 31.1% were from 45 to 64; and 11.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 162 people, 56 households, and 42 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|547.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|199.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.62% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.62% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.62% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.32% of the population.<ref name="GR2" />

There were 56 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.89 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,348. None of the families and 6.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.

