==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 150
|1890= 348
|1900= 886
|1910= 743
|1920= 893
|1930= 818
|1940= 984
|1950= 1149
|1960= 1202
|1970= 1226
|1980= 1308
|1990= 1212
|2000= 1283
|2010= 1318
|2020= 1371
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,318 people, 566 households, and 324 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1279.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 615 housing units at an average density of {{convert|597.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 566 households, of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.8% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 46.8 years. 21.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.9% were from 45 to 64; and 26.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.1% male and 53.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,283 people, 528 households, and 328 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,328.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 568 housing units at an average density of {{convert|588.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.27% of the population.

There were 528 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.7% were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 29.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $26,469 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,184.  About 4.1% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.7% of those under age 18 and 11.2% of those age 65 or over.

