==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 157
|1920= 330
|1930= 447
|1940= 532
|1950= 653
|1960= 865
|1970= 949
|1980= 939
|1990= 872
|2000= 789
|2010= 807
|2020= 764
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 789 people, 332 households, and 201 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|468.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 374 housing units at an average density of {{convert|222.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 63.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 34.73% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.63% of the population.

There were 332 households, out of which 19.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.2% were non-families. 37.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 29.5% from 45 to 64, and 25.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 67.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 62.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,438, and the median income for a family was $32,917. Males had a median income of $29,286 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,790. About 14.8% of families and 20.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.6% of those under age 18 and 22.7% of those age 65 or over.

