==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 276
|1890= 94
|1970= 67
|1980= 70
|1990= 66
|2000= 69
|2010= 74
|2020= 103
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Twin Hills's predecessor village of Togiagamute first appeared on the 1880 U.S. Census as an unincorporated Inuit village (all residents were Inuit).<ref>{{cite web |title=Statistics of the Population of Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1880a_v1-17.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1880}}</ref> It returned in 1890 as "Togiagamiut" (all 94 residents were Native).<ref>{{cite web |title=Report on Population and Resources of Alaska at the Eleventh Census: 1890 |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1890a_v8-01.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |publisher=Government Printing Office}}</ref> With the removal of most of its residents to the "new" Togiak on the opposite side of Togiak Bay, it did not report again until 1970 when the new unincorporated settlement of Twin Hills was established to the north of the original townsite. In 1980, it was made a census-designated place.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 69 people, 24 households, and 18 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|3.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 5.80% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 84.06% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 10.14% from two or more races.

There were 24 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 29.2% were married couples living together, 20.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 36.2% under the age of 18, 2.9% from 18 to 24, 21.7% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $20,625. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,856. There were 22.2% of families and 27.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 61.5% of under eighteens and none of those over 64. The median home value is $108,300.

