==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: [Community], West Virginia |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=[Community]+[municipality],+West+Virginia |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=}}</ref>
| 2000 = 1905
| 2010 = 1815
| 2020 = 1689
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,905 people, 794 households, and 578 families residing in Coal City. The [[population density]] was 303.8 people per square mile (117.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 845 housing units at an average density of 134.7/sq&nbsp;mi (52.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.05% of the population.

There were 794 households, out of which 24.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.1% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 19.9% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $28,049, and the median income for a family was $33,897. Males had a median income of $29,338 versus $16,548 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,552. About 8.6% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.5% of those under age 18 and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.

