==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 186
|1930= 165
|1940= 133
|1950= 105
|1960= 97
|1970= 116
|1980= 96
|1990= 82
|2000= 103
|2010= 87
|2020= 85
|estyear=2022
|estimate=86
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 14, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 14, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 31, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 87 people, 39 households, and 28 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|483.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|255.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 39 households, of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.2% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.64.

The median age in the city was 44.8 years. 21.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 31% were from 45 to 64; and 18.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 103 people, 44 households, and 31 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|385.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.97% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 44 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.5% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the town the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 31.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 119.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $22,083 versus $20,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,619. There were no families and 6.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 17.4% of those over 64.

