==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 413
|1910= 346
|1920= 478
|1930= 486
|1940= 768
|1950= 849
|1960= 799
|1970= 835
|1980= 980
|1990= 1076
|2000= 1220
|2010= 1306
|2020= 1340
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=October 3, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20141003185009/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194655/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,306 people, 569 households, and 301 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|353.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 654 housing units at an average density of {{convert|176.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 569 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.1% were non-families. 42.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the city was 44.8 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 21.7% were from 45 to 64; and 28.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,220 people, 491 households, and 282 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|328.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 556 housing units at an average density of {{convert|149.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.98% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.33% of the population. 42.4% were of [[Finnish people|Finnish]], 23.2% [[Germans|German]] and 15.5% [[Norwegian people|Norwegian]] ancestry.

There were 491 households, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.4% were non-families. 37.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 20.2% from 25 to 44, 17.4% from 45 to 64, and 33.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,232, and the median income for a family was $30,288. Males had a median income of $26,071 versus $18,594 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,360.  About 14.7% of families and 18.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.6% of those under age 18 and 12.3% of those age 65 or over.

