==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1860= 465
|1870= 290
|1880= 226
|1890= 183
|1900= 158
|1910= 193
|1920= 247
|1930= 315
|1940= 357
|1950= 369
|1960= 303
|1970= 266
|1980= 265
|1990= 213
|2000= 176
|2010= 181
|2020= 214
|estyear=2021
|estimate=208
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref>
}}
At the time of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 176 people residing in eighty-four households in the borough, including fifty-one families.

The population density was {{convert|223.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were ninety housing units at an average density of {{convert|114.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 98.86% White, and 1.14% from two or more races.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the eighty-four households that were documented during the census, 15.5% had children who were under the age of eighteen living with them, 45.2% were married couples living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. Additionally, 36.9% of households were one-person and 17.9% were one-person households with someone living alone who was aged sixty-five or older.

The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.63.

The age distribution of residents was 15.9% who were under the age of eighteen, 6.8% who were aged eighteen to twenty-four, 28.4% who were aged twenty-five to forty-four, 27.3% who were aged forty-five to sixty-four, and 21.6% who were aged sixty-five or older. The median age was forty-four years.

For every one hundred females, there were 83.3 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 87.3 males.

The median household income was $21,111 and the median family income was $23,750. Males had a median income of $24,688 compared with that of $18,750 for females.

The per capita income for the borough was $14,495.

Approximately 4.3% of families and 5.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including those who were aged sixty-five or older. No one under the age of eighteen was reported as living in poverty.

