==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 194
|1880= 214
|1890= 231
|1900= 202
|1910= 246
|1920= 209
|1930= 186
|1940= 144
|1950= 149
|1960= 173
|1970= 159
|1980= 183
|1990= 146
|2000= 169
|2010= 145
|2020= 136
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

Per the [[2010 United States census]], Broadwell had 145 people.  This includes 143 non-Hispanics [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], one [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] and one [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]].

There were 66 households, out of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, one household had a female householder with children and no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.2% had someone who was 65 years of age or older.

The population was spread out, with 84.8% over the age of 18 and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47.3 years. The gender ratio was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.  Among 66 occupied households, 65.2% were owner-occupied and 34.8% were renter-occupied.<ref>[https://wayback.archive-it.org/all/20151023151502/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml factfinder.census.gov]</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 169 people, 70 households, and 46 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|884.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|429.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 70 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 32.5% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,000, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $40,469 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,911. About 8.3% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.8% of those 65 or over.

