==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 109
|2020= 82
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 109 people, 41 households, and 35 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|286.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|126.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.6% of the population.

There were 41 households, of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 14.6% were non-families. 14.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the village was 36.5 years. 28.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 17.4% were from 45 to 64; and 23.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===Mean center of the United States===
In March 2011 Plato was declared the 2010 [[Mean center of the United States population|mean center of United States population]] based on [[2010 United States Census|2010 Census]] data.<ref>[https://www.census.gov/geo/www/2010census/centerpop2010/centerpop2010.html Centers of Population for the 2010 Census], U.S. Census Bureau</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.kansascity.com/2011/03/17/2733408/missouri-town-hopes-to-be-named.html |title=Missouri town hopes to be named U.S. center of population |publisher=KansasCity.com |access-date=March 18, 2011}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/metro/article_29b78ab5-a408-56a5-9009-e8adece651d9.html |title=Attention falls on Mo. town that might be at the center of the nation |publisher=Stltoday.com |date=March 8, 2011 |access-date=March 18, 2011}}</ref>

The mean center has been moving southwest through Missouri about 20 to 30 miles per decade since 1980, when it was near [[DeSoto, Missouri|DeSoto]]. In 2000, it was pinpointed as being near [[Edgar Springs, Missouri|Edgar Springs]].

