==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 191
|1990= 210
|2000= 254
|2010= 513
|2020= 703
|estyear=2024
|estimate=866
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 26, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

According to realtor website [[Zillow]], the average price of a home as of May 31, 2025, in Reile's Acres is $578,395.<ref>{{Cite web|title=Reile's Acres, ND Housing Market |url=https://www.zillow.com/home-values/25595/lincoln-nd/ |publisher=[[Zillow]] |access-date=July 26, 2025 |language=en}}</ref>

As of the 2023 [[American Community Survey]], there are 256 estimated households in Reile's Acres with an average of 3.47 persons per household. The city has a median household income of $198,333. Approximately 1.0% of the city's population lives at or below the [[Poverty in the United States|poverty line]]. Reile's Acres has an estimated 89.5% employment rate, with 55.0% of the population holding a bachelor's degree or higher and 98.0% holding a high school diploma.<ref name="QF">{{Cite web|title=Census Reporter: Reile's Acres city, North Dakota |url=https://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US3866040-reiles-acres-nd/ |access-date=July 26, 2025 |website=censusreporter.org |language=en}}</ref>

The top five reported ancestries (people were allowed to report up to two ancestries, thus the figures will generally add to more than 100%) were English (97.5%), Spanish (0.0%), Indo-European (2.5%), Asian and Pacific Islander (0.0%), and Other (0.0%).

The median age in the city was 35.5 years.

{| class="wikitable"
|+<big>Reile's Acres, North Dakota<br>racial and ethnic composition</big><ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Reile's Acres city, North Dakota|url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=p2&g=160XX00US3866040|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 26, 2025}}</ref><br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
! Race / ethnicity <small>(''NH = non-Hispanic'')</small>
! Number
! Percent
|-
| [[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
| 665
| 94.59%
|-
| [[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
| 0
| 0.00%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
| 2
| 0.28%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
| 6
| 0.85%
|-
| [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
| 0
| 0.00%
|-
| [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
| 1
| 0.14%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or multiracial]] (NH)
| 25
| 3.56%
|-
| [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
| 4
| 0.57%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''703'''
|'''100.00%'''
|}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 703 people, 220 households, 201 families residing in the city.<ref>{{Cite web|title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: Household Type |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Reile's%20Acres%20city,%20North%20Dakota%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=July 26, 2025 |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> The [[population density]] was {{convert|1400.40|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 225 housing units at an average density of {{convert|448.21|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.85% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.14% from some other races and 3.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 0.57% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web|title=How many people live in Reile's Acres city, North Dakota |url=https://data.usatoday.com/census/total-population/total-population-change/reiles-acres-city-north-dakota/160-3866040/ |access-date=July 26, 2025 |publisher=USA Today}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 513 people, 146 households, and 137 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1068.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|306.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.78% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.19% from some other races and 0.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 0.78% of the population.

There were 146 households, of which 61.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 92.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 6.2% were non-families. 4.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 0.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.51 and the average family size was 3.64.

The median age in the city was 34 years. 37.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 33.3% were from 25 to 44; 22.2% were from 45 to 64; and 2.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 254 people, 72 households, and 68 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|528.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|149.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from some other races and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 0.00% of the population.

There were 72 households, out of which 62.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 88.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 4.2% were non-families. 4.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.53 and the average family size was 3.59.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 37.8% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 1.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $67,708, and the median income for a family was $68,958. Males had a median income of $46,250 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,367. About 4.2% of families and 2.4% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 100.0% of those 65 or over.

