==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 133
| 1910 = 362
| 1920 = 422
| 1930 = 537
| 1940 = 621
| 1950 = 501
| 1960 = 615
| 1970 = 647
| 1980 = 635
| 1990 = 508
| 2000 = 565
| 2010 = 532
| 2020 = 560
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 24, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 532 people, 258 households, and 136 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1085.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 296 housing units at an average density of {{convert|604.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 258 households, of which 19.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.3% were non-families. 40.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.90 and the average family size was 2.52.

The median age in the town was 52.9 years. 15% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.6% were from 25 to 44; 30.2% were from 45 to 64; and 31% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.3% male and 54.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 565 people, 246 households, and 138 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,426.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 278 housing units at an average density of {{convert|701.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.53% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.59% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.88% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.53% of the population.

There were 246 households, out of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were married couples living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.5% were non-families. 38.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 18.2% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 29.4% from 45 to 64, and 26.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,409, and the median income for a family was $47,917. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $30,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,588. About 9.6% of families and 15.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.6% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.

