==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 166
|1910= 352
|1920= 564
|1930= 509
|1940= 601
|1950= 639
|1960= 542
|1970= 470
|1980= 487
|1990= 426
|2000= 379
|2010= 365
|2020= 348
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 365 people, 168 households, and 97 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1258.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 197 housing units at an average density of {{convert|679.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.6% of the population.

There were 168 households, of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.3% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 47.9 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 24.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.1% male and 47.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census of 2000, there were 379 people, 182 households, and 101 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,283.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 208 housing units at an average density of {{convert|704.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.26% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.96% of the population.

There were 182 households, out of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.0% were non-families. 39.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 27.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $31,354 versus $21,111 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,340.  About 7.5% of families and 10.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.5% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.

