==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 777
|1910= 1215
|1920= 1226
|1930= 1302
|1940= 1318
|1950= 1385
|1960= 1522
|1970= 1488
|1980= 1803
|1990= 1713
|2000= 1746
|2010= 1699
|2020= 1458
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 12, 2022}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010">{{cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/G001/1600000US4247672| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212200200/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/G001/1600000US4247672| url-status=dead| archive-date=February 12, 2020| title=Geographic Identifiers: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (G001): Mars borough, Pennsylvania| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| access-date=March 25, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,746 people, 687 households, and 395 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,906.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 715 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,599.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 98.68% White, 0.46% African American, 0.06% Native American, 0.40% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.11% from other races, and 0.23% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.40% of the population.

There were 687 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were married couples living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.4% were non-families. 38.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 18.6% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 17.8% from 45 to 64, and 33.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 70.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 64.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $33,073, and the median income for a family was $46,136. Males had a median income of $34,083 versus $26,080 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,701. About 7.8% of families and 9.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.8% of those under age 18 and 14.4% of those age 65 or over.

===Religion===
Mars has several [[Christianity|Christian]] denominations located within and just outside the community. One of the largest churches was [http://www.saintkilian.org/ Saint Kilian Parish]. Founded in 1917, the parish was originally located in downtown Mars, but by the early 2000s (decade), membership had swelled so much that a new facility was constructed just outside the neighboring [[Seven Fields, Pennsylvania|Seven Fields]] borough along [[Pennsylvania Route 228|PA 228]] in 2008. There is also a large presence of [[Presbyterianism|Presbyterians]] in the borough. The [http://www.mars-up.org/ Mars United Presbyterian] was founded in 1969 with the merging of two older churches, one under the [[United Presbyterian Church of North America]], the other under the [[Presbyterian Church (USA)]]. There is also a [[Lutheranism|Lutheran]] and [[Methodism|Methodist]] church located within the borough. The [http://www.woodlandvalley.org Woodland Valley Church] is one of the newer churches in Mars, and is one of several [[Contemporary worship|contemporary]] churches that have recently started in the Mars/Cranberry area. Others include the [http://www.marsalliance.org/ Mars Alliance Church], and the Discovery Christian Church which will be built along PA 228 across from the former.[https://web.archive.org/web/20110715050942/http://cranberry.patch.com/articles/new-home-is-a-great-discovery-for-christian-church] The [[Serbian Orthodox Eparchy of Eastern America]] previously had its headquarters in [[Adams Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania|Adams Township]], near Mars.<ref>"[https://web.archive.org/web/20110726011344/http://www.easterndiocese.org/contact.html Contact Information]." Diocese of Eastern America. Retrieved on February 26, 2011. "Serbian Orthodox Diocese of Eastern America 138 Carriage Hill Drive Mars, PA 16046"</ref><ref>"[http://www2.census.gov/geo/maps/dc10map/GUBlock/st42_pa/cousub/cs4201900300_adams/DC10BLK_CS4201900300_001.pdf 2010 CENSUS - CENSUS BLOCK MAP: Adams township, PA]." [[U.S. Census Bureau]]. Retrieved on July 27, 2017.</ref>

