==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 565
|1890= 326
|1910= 245
|1920= 167
|1930= 97
|1940= 97
|1950= 91
|1960= 112
|1970= 103
|1980= 135
|1990= 129
|2000= 139
|2010= 95
|2020= 87
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

Klukwan first appeared on the 1880 U.S. Census as "Kluckquan", an unincorporated Tlingit village.<ref>{{Cite web | url=https://books.google.com/books?id=Rr9RAQAAMAAJ&q=klakwan&pg=PA49 |title = Geological Survey Professional Paper|year = 1949}}</ref> With 565 residents, it was recorded as the 5th largest community in Alaska.<ref>{{cite web |title=Statistics of the Population of Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1880a_v1-17.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1880}}</ref> In 1890, it reported as "Klakwan." It next appeared in 1910 under its present spelling of Klukwan. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) as of the 1980 census.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 139 people, 44 households, and 31 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|111.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 10.07% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 88.49% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.72% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 0.72% from two or more races. 3.60% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 44 households, out of which 54.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were married couples living together, 15.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.16 and the average family size was 3.75.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 33.1% under the age of 18, 13.7% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 6.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 121.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $30,714, and the median income for a family was $31,563. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,612. There were none of the families and 1.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

