==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 760
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+North Tunica Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2852680&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-07|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|32
|4.21%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|688
|90.53%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|4
|0.53%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|5
|0.49%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|5
|0.01%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|20
|2.63%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|16
|2.11%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 760 people, 281 households, and 181 families residing in the CDP.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,450 people, 425 households, and 333 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|2,014.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 449 housing units at an average density of {{convert|623.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 4.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 94.90% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.41% of the population.

There were 425 households, out of which 40.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 26.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 46.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.6% were non-families. 19.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.29 and the average family size was 3.76.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 36.4% under the age of 18, 13.6% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 15.8% from 45 to 64, and 9.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $14,891, and the median income for a family was $16,466. Males had a median income of $16,250 versus $16,985 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $6,972. About 45.5% of families and 50.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 60.1% of those under age 18 and 31.4% of those age 65 or over.

