==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 844 people, 432 households, and 260 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 133.5 people per square mile (51.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 611 housing units at an average density of 96.6/sq&nbsp;mi (37.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 432 households, out of which 10.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.8% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.37.

In the CDP, the population skewed older with 90.5% 18 and over, 46.3% over 62, and 36.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 60.5 years. For every 100 males there were 98.1 females.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $48,533, and the median income for a family was $54,397. Males had a median income of $45,000 versus $26,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $31,146. None of the families and 0.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

