==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1860= 400
|1870= 476
|1880= 535
|1890= 431
|1900= 404
|1910= 381
|1920= 397
|1930= 351
|1940= 340
|1950= 326
|1960= 330
|1970= 292
|1980= 216
|1990= 199
|2000= 216
|2010= 173
|2020= 169
|align-fn=left
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="Full Census"/><ref>{{cite report|author=<!--staff writer(s); no by-line.-->|date=2010|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce|accessdate=20 June 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2010 United States Census|Census of 2010]], there were 173 people, 75 households, and 52 families in Starrucca. The borough's [[population density]] was 19.4 people per square mile (7.49/km<sup>2</sup>), and there were 126 housing units at an average density of 14.0/sq mi (5.41/km<sup>2</sup>).

The racial makeup of the populace was 96.0% [[White American#Current U.S. Census Definition|White]], 1.7% [[African American#Identity|African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States#Increased self-identification|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian American|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islands American#Population|Pacific Islander]], 0.6% of [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|other races]], and 1.2% of two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans#Terminology|Hispanics and Latinos]] of all races made up 4.0% of the population.<ref name="Gazetteer"/><ref name="Full Census">{{cite report|author=<!--staff writer(s); no by-line.-->|date=2010|title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data for Starrucca, Pennsylvania|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US4273784|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce|accessdate=19 June 2015|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213052353/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US4273784|archivedate=13 February 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref>

According to the informal consensus, 69.3% of Starrucca's households were families and 96.0% were headed by a [[Marriage|married couple]]. In addition, 20.0% of documented households included children who were under the age of eighteen, 6.7% of households were headed by a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% were headed by a male householder with no wife present, 30.7% consisted of non-families, 28.0% were made up of individuals, and 12.0% were one-person households with residents who were sixty-five years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.69.<ref name="Full Census"/>

Starrucca's documented age distribution included 20.2% of residents who were under the age of eighteen, 2.3% between the ages of eighteen and twenty-four, 20.2% between the ages of twenty-five and forty-four, 38.7% between the ages of forty-five and sixty-four, and 18.5% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The population's median age was 49.3 years.

For every one hundred females, there were 130 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen older, there were 130 males within the same age range.<ref name="Full Census"/>

According to [[American Community Survey|American Community Survey (ACS)]] estimates, the median income for a household in Starrucca in 2013 was $47,500, and the median income for a family was $67,500. Males had a median income of $35,625, while females had a median income of $28,125.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $24,535. 2.6% of families and 24.3% of people were documented as living below the Census Bureau's [[Poverty thresholds (United States Census Bureau)|poverty thresholds]] (different from the federally defined [[Poverty in the United States#Two official measures of poverty|poverty guidelines]]), including 0.0% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those aged sixty-five or older.<ref>{{cite report|author=<!--staff writer(s); no by-line.-->|date=2013|title=Selected Economic Characteristics 2009-2013 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Starrucca, Pennsylvania|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/DP03/1600000US4273784|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce|accessdate=19 June 2015|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213042900/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/DP03/1600000US4273784|archivedate=13 February 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref><ref>{{cite report|author=<!--staff writer(s); no by-line.-->|date=2013|title=Occupation by Sex and Median Earnings in the Past 12 Months (In 2013 Inflation-Adjusted Dollars) for the Civilian Employed Population 16 Years and Over – 2009-2013 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Starrucca, Pennsylvania|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/S2401/1600000US4273784|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce|accessdate=19 June 2015|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213092741/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/S2401/1600000US4273784|archivedate=13 February 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref>

According to self-reported [[Race and ethnicity in the United States#Ancestry|ancestry]] figures recorded by the ACS, the five largest ancestral groups in Starrucca in 2013 were [[German American|Germans]] (28.8%), [[English American|English]] (19.9%), [[Polish American|Poles]] (10.5%), [[Irish American|Irish]] (9.9%), and [[Dutch American|Dutch]] (6.8%). Those reporting [[American ethnicity|American ancestry]] made up 2.6% of the population.<ref>{{cite report|author=<!--staff writer(s); no by-line.-->|date=2013|title=Selected Social Characteristics in the United States – 2009-2013 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Starrucca, Pennsylvania|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/09_5YR/DP5YR2/0600000US42XXXXX|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce|accessdate=29 June 2015}}{{Dead link|date=March 2020 |bot=InternetArchiveBot |fix-attempted=yes }}</ref>

