==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 815
|1910= 733
|1920= 578
|1930= 606
|1940= 626
|1950= 761
|1960= 949
|1970= 921
|1980= 894
|1990= 803
|2000= 842
|2010= 887
|2020= 841
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 887 people, 324 households, and 231 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2771.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 362 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1131.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.0% of the population.

There were 324 households, of which 43.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.7% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.17.

The median age in the village was 32.3 years. 29.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 10% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28% were from 25 to 44; 22.6% were from 45 to 64; and 10% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 842 people, 313 households, and 230 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,613.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 336 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,043.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.02% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.56% of the population.

25.2% of the total population were of [[French American|French]] descent.<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.epodunk.com/ancestry/French.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20051023004948/www.epodunk.com/ancestry/French.html|archive-date=October 23, 2005|title=French Communities}}</ref>

There were 313 households, out of which 38.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 20.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 32.9% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 99.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $46,071, and the median income for a family was $52,750. Males had a median income of $34,135 versus $22,386 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,028. About 7.0% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.6% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

