==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 699
| 1920 = 1686
| 1930 = 1857
| 1940 = 2175
| 1950 = 2508
| 1960 = 2451
| 1970 = 2371
| 1980 = 2447
| 1990 = 2131
| 2000 = 2281
| 2010 = 2360
| 2020 = 2243
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 2350
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> there were 2,360 people, 909 households and 605 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2145.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,013 housing units at an average density of {{convert|920.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.8% of the population.

There were 909 households, of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.4% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age was 36 years. 27.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 23.4% were from 45 to 64; and 19.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 2,281 people, 896 households and 613 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 2,141.6 per square mile (823.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,013 housing units at an average density of 951.1 per square mile (365.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 90.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.04% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.70% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 5.66% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.16% of the population.

There were 896 households, of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.5% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.14.

29.2% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.9 males.

The [[median household income]] was $30,745 and the median family income was $35,815. Males had a median income of $30,698 compared with $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $13,772. About 11.0% of families and 14.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.5% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

