==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 506
|1930= 1822
|1940= 2027
|1950= 2037
|1960= 1518
|1970= 793
|1980= 865
|1990= 721
|2000= 1042
|2010= 780
|2020= 509
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015 |archive-date=July 17, 2022 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220717060613/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |url-status=live }}</ref>
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=December 27, 1996 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,042 people, 203 households, and 146 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|598.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 236 housing units at an average density of {{convert|135.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 63.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 34.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.25% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.77% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.73% of the population.

There were 203 households, out of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were married couples living together, 16.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 13.7% under the age of 18, 22.7% from 18 to 24, 43.4% from 25 to 44, 13.6% from 45 to 64, and 6.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 290.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 330.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $14,808, and the median income for a family was $20,625. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $16,563 for females. The per capita income for the city was $5,367. About 36.8% of families and 40.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 47.0% of those under the age of 18 and 11.6% of those ages 65 and older.
As of the census in 2014, there were 556 people left in the city of Wheelwright.

