==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 230
|1890= 370
|1900= 540
|1910= 572
|1920= 445
|1930= 652
|1940= 818
|1950= 824
|1960= 764
|1970= 1019
|1980= 1064
|1990= 1033
|2000= 966
|2010= 820
|2020= 636
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Utica town, Mississippi – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Utica town, Mississippi |url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US2875760&tid=DECENNIALSF12000.P004|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Utica town, Mississippi |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2875760&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!{{partial|Pop 2020}}<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Utica town, Mississippi |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2875760&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!% 2000
!% 2010
!{{partial|% 2020}}
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|285
|220
|style='background: #ffffe6; |129
|29.50%
|26.83%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |20.28%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|634
|525
|style='background: #ffffe6; |429
|65.63%
|64.02%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |67.45%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|1
|1
|style='background: #ffffe6; |6
|0.10%
|0.12%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.94%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|3
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.31%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
| [[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]]  alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|0
|2
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1
|0.00%
|0.24%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.16%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|6
|1
|style='background: #ffffe6; |11
|0.62%
|0.12%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1.73%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|37
|71
|style='background: #ffffe6; |60
|3.83%
|8.66%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |9.43%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''966'''
|'''820'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''636'''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 636 people, 337 households, and 199 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 820 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 64.0% Black, 26.8% White, 0.1% Native American, 0.2% from some other race and 0.1% from two or more races. 8.7% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 966 people, 339 households, and 241 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|323.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 397 housing units at an average density of {{convert|132.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 30.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 66.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.83% of the population.

There were 339 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 27.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.9% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.43.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 11.7% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 94.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,614, and the median income for a family was $30,083. Males had a median income of $28,594 versus $21,932 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,491. About 17.1% of families and 27.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.1% of those under age 18 and 24.5% of those age 65 or over.

===Religion and society===
{{unreferenced section|date=December 2024}}
Utica is the location of the [[URJ Henry S. Jacobs Camp]], organized by the [[Union for Reform Judaism]] and dating to when there were more Jews in smaller communities throughout the South. Most now live in larger urban areas with more professional opportunities.

The town is home to several churches of various denominations, including the following on Main Street: Utica Baptist Church (founded in 1829 and affiliated with the [[Southern Baptist Convention]]), Utica [[Christian Church (Disciples of Christ)]], Utica [[United Methodist Church]], and St. Peter's Missionary Baptist Church, a black [[Baptist]] church founded after the Civil War in 1867 by [[freedmen]]. Because black Baptists withdrew ''en masse'' from white Baptist churches across the South, St. Peter's was founded as a mission of the white Baptist church in Utica. Black Baptists soon founded independent state associations of their congregations and organized a national convention by the end of the century. There are several other houses of worship in the town proper, as well as others in the county nearby.

