==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1910= 187
|1920= 417
|1930= 514
|1940= 587
|1950= 420
|1960= 512
|1970= 540
|1980= 623
|1990= 715
|2000= 714
|2010= 867
|2020= 758
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://web.archive.org/web/20060208103743/http://www.census.gov:80/prod/www/abs/decennial/ U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+McBee racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4543495&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 15, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|434
|57.26%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|254
|33.51%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.13%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|1
|0.13%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|31
|4.09%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|37
|4.88%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 758 people, 365 households, and 275 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 867 people, 282 households, and 195 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|613.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 329 housing units at an average density of {{convert|282.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 53.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 45.52% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.70% of the population.

There were 282 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,083, and the median  income for a family was $34,688. Males had a median income of $28,667 versus $21,500 for females. About 3.1% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.2% of those under age 18 and 28.7% of those age 65 or over.

