==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 514
|1920= 493
|1930= 461
|1940= 491
|1950= 487
|1960= 406
|1970= 387
|1980= 419
|1990= 278
|2000= 262
|2010= 249
|2020= 237
|estyear=2024
|estimate=229
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 262 people, 112 households, and 73 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|119.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 137 housing units at an average density of {{convert|62.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 72.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 24.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.76% from two or more races.

There were 112 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were married couples living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $18,750, and the median income for a family was $26,750. Males had a median income of $23,393 versus $22,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,033. About 7.0% of families and 14.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.0% of those 65 or over.

