==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 170
| 1890 = 101
| 1900 = 97
| 1910 = 43
| 1920 = 37
| 1930 = 80
| 1940 = 94
| 1950 = 114
| 1960 = 201
| 1970 = 198
| 1980 = 321
| 1990 = 244
| 2000 = 466
| 2010 = 737
| 2020 = 925
| estyear = 2024 pop. 1287
| footnote = [[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 466 people, 202 households, and 136 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|414|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 226 housing units at an average density of {{convert|201|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.2% of the population.

There were 202 households, out of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.2% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,428, and the median income for a family was $36,000. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $18,281 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,864. About 7.4% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.1% of those under age 18 and 16.2% of those age 65 or over.-->

