==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 2765
|1930= 3089
|1940= 2997
|1950= 2954
|1960= 2755
|1970= 2607
|1980= 2457
|1990= 2197
|2000= 2144
|2010= 2054
|2020= 1991
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1990
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 2,054 people, 866 households, and 577 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,927.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 934 housing units at an average density of {{convert|876.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.0% White, 0.4% Black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.6% other, and 0.8% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.5%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

There were 866 households, 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were married couples living together, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.4% were non-families. 28.4% of households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% 65 or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 98.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median household income was $36,411 and the median family income  was $47,193.  The per capita income for the borough was $18,929. About 5.0% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.5% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.

