==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 28
|1900= 396
|1910= 468
|1920= 590
|1930= 548
|1940= 624
|1950= 561
|1960= 482
|1970= 427
|1980= 417
|1990= 353
|2000= 326
|2010= 369
|2020= 428
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

Since the mid-2000s Milan has been a destination for many [[Federated States of Micronesia|Micronesian]] immigrants, who are allowed to move freely to the United States due to the [[Compact of Free Association]] between the two countries, but have few legal pathways to citizenship and permanent residency. A third to a half of Milan's population is estimated to be Micronesian, most of them ethnic [[Chuukese people|Chuukese]].<ref>{{cite web|title=In tiny Milan, Minn., a town full of Micronesians weighs the future|url=https://www.startribune.com/in-tiny-milan-minn-a-town-full-of-micronesians-weigh-their-future/393643751/#1|date=16 September 2016|accessdate=4 December 2017|publisher=[[Star Tribune]]|first=Mila|last=Koumpilova}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=From tiny island to tiny town, Micronesians at home in Milan, Minn.|url=https://www.mprnews.org/story/2010/11/24/micronesians-in-milan|date=24 November 2010|accessdate=4 December 2017|publisher=[[MPR News]]|first=Ambar|last=Espinoza}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 369 people, 150 households, and 90 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|302.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 178 housing units at an average density of {{convert|145.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 72.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 20.6% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 150 households, of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.0% were non-families. 34.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.22.

The median age in the city was 37.5 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 18.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 326 people, 150 households, and 88 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|333.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 176 housing units at an average density of {{convert|179.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.92% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.36% of the population.

There were 150 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.3% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 17.8% from 45 to 64, and 26.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,000, and the median income for a family was $37,813. Males had a median income of $31,667 versus $19,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,338. About 11.6% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.2% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those age 65 or over.

