==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align =
| 1920 = 319
| 1930 = 769
| 1940 = 897
| 1950 = 1102
| 1960 = 1379
| 1970 = 1593
| 1980 = 1503
| 1990 = 1347
| 2000 = 1272
| 2010 = 1349
| 2020 = 1448
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 1,349 people residing in the village.<ref>{{Cite web|title=Plandome, NY Population – Census 2010 and 2000 Interactive Map, Demographics, Statistics, Quick Facts – CensusViewer|url=http://censusviewer.com/city/NY/Plandome|access-date=August 6, 2021|website=censusviewer.com|archive-date=August 6, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210806202314/http://censusviewer.com/city/NY/Plandome|url-status=usurped}}</ref><ref name="GR12">{{cite web|date=February 12, 2011|title=US Gazetteer files: 2010, 2000, and 1990|url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/time-series/geo/gazetteer-files.html|access-date=April 23, 2011|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|archive-date=August 24, 2019|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20190824085937/https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/time-series/geo/gazetteer-files.html|url-status=live}}</ref> The racial makeup of the village was 94.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.82% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.63% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.22% of the population.

===Census 2000===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,272 people, 409 households, and 361 families residing in the village.<ref name="GR12" /><ref name="GR22">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|access-date=January 31, 2008|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> The population density was {{convert|2,584.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 422 housing units at an average density of {{convert|857.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.75% White, 0.24% African American, 0.08% Native American, 3.14% Asian, 0.08% from other races, and 0.71% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino people of any race were 2.12% of the population.

There were 409 households, out of which 42.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 82.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.7% were non-families. 11.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.08 and the average family size was 3.34.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.7% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 18.2% from 25 to 44, 29.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $192,073, and the median income for a family was $200,000. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $52,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $95,102. About 2.8% of families and 4.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.9% of those under age 18 and 2.5% of those age 65 or over.

