==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 682
|2020= 647
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{Cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html |access-date=June 4, 2016 |publisher=[[Census.gov]]}}</ref>
}}

===As Pimaco Two===
{{US Census population
|2010= 682
|2020= 647
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census, there were 682 people living in the CDP: 339 male and 343 female. 163 were 19 years old or younger, 67 were ages 20–34, 137 were between the ages of 35 and 49, 179 were between 50 and 64, and the remaining 136 were aged 65 and above. The median age was 47.6 years.

The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.6% [[White Americans|White]], 1.8% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian]], 1.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.4% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 6.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Other]], and 0.9% [[Race (United States Census)|two or more races]].  13.9% of the population were [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race.

There were 280 households in the CDP, 212 family households (75.7%) and 68 non-family households (24.3%), with an average household size of 2.44. Of the family households, 167 were married couples living together, while there were 19 single fathers and 26 single mothers; the non-family households included 61 adults living alone: 29 male and 32 female.

The CDP contained 313 housing units, of which 280 were occupied and 33 were vacant.<ref name=GR2>{{cite web |url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US0455575 |title=American FactFinder: Pimaco Two CDP, Arizona |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 25, 2017 |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213101235/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US0455575 |archive-date=February 13, 2020 }}</ref>

As of July 2016, the average home value in Pimaco Two was $357,799. The average household income was $64,268, with a per capita income of $25,318.<ref name=AZL />

