==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 119
|1920= 99
|1930= 120
|1940= 125
|1950= 116
|1960= 113
|1970= 84
|1980= 66
|1990= 41
|2000= 38
|2010= 29
|2020= 24
|estyear=2024
|estimate=23
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 18, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 29 people, 13 households, and 9 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|90.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 21 housing units at an average density of {{convert|65.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 13 households, of which 15.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.8% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.56.

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 10.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 20.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 31% were from 45 to 64; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.6% male and 41.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 38 people, 13 households, and 7 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|115.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 21 housing units at an average density of {{convert|63.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.63% of the population.

There were 13 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 38.5% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 4.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 36.8% under the age of 18, 18.4% from 18 to 24, 13.2% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 5.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females, there were 72.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 71.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $3,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $8,443. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

