==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 173
|2020= 183
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 173 people and 72 households residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|865|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 75 housing units at an average density of {{convert|375|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.58% from two or more races.

There were 72 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 17.92% under the age of 18, 5.20% from 18 to 24, 31.21% from 25 to 44, 28.32% from 45 to 64, and 17.34% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 88 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $41,875, and the median income for a family was $54,063. Males had a median income of $40,000 versus $20,673 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,257. About 10.6% of families and 19.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 43.2% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those sixty five or over.

