==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 104
|1920= 101
|1930= 106
|1940= 115
|1950= 120
|1960= 80
|1970= 94
|1980= 87
|1990= 82
|2000= 148
|2010= 296
|2020= 402
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 148 people, 61 households, and 42 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|170.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|72.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.38% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.68% of the population.

There were 61 households, out of which 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 12.2% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 31.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $52,222, and the median income for a family was $52,292. Males had a median income of $41,875 versus $24,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,115. There were 12.2% of families and 8.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 12.8% of under eighteens and 16.7% of individuals over 64.

The 2010 census data revealed that the town of Between was growing in population and was the fourth of seven incorporated cities in Walton County, with a total population of 296. The specifics were as follows:

* Sex: male 48.3%, female 51.6% 
* Age: 0-4 10%, 5-17 20.6%, 18-64 59.8%, 65+ 9.5%
* Race: African-American 7.4%, Hispanic 3.3%, White 90.8%{{citation needed|date=August 2022}}

