==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 241
|1890= 204
|1900= 450
|1910= 563
|1920= 456
|1930= 569
|1940= 661
|1950= 728
|1960= 953
|1970= 1109
|1980= 1208
|1990= 1064
|2000= 1100
|2010= 960
|2020= 1001
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="2020census" />
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 960 people, 491 households, and 254 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|536.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 766 housing units at an average density of {{convert|427.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 491 households, of which 15.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.3% were non-families. 43.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.88 and the average family size was 2.56.

The median age in the city was 50.7 years. 14.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 35.1% were from 45 to 64; and 24.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,100 people, 523 households, and 300 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 787.2 people per square mile (303.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 732 housing units at an average density of 523.8 per square mile (201.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.55% from two or more races. 0.91% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 523 households, out of which 20.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.6% were non-families. 38.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.5% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 22.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,435, and the median income for a family was $49,091. Males had a median income of $31,591 versus $23,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,444. About 4.1% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.5% of those under age 18 and 5.6% of those age 65 or over.

