==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 134
|1900= 289
|1910= 285
|1920= 301
|1930= 318
|1940= 272
|1950= 275
|1960= 287
|1970= 377
|1980= 344
|1990= 287
|2000= 337
|2010= 440
|2020= 449
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 337 people, 115 households, and 93 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|261.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 129 housing units at an average density of {{convert|99.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 69.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 28.78% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.37% of the population.

There were 115 households, out of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.3% were non-families. 13.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 11.0% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $44,000, and the median income for a family was $46,563. Males had a median income of $28,229 versus $20,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,014. 11.6% of the population and 7.2% of families fall below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 16.7% of those under the age of 18 and 12.5% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

