==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 43
|1980= 59
|1990= 83
|2000= 83
|2010= 52
|2020= 41
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

Nelson Lagoon first reported on the 1970 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 52 people, 22 households, and 14 families residing in the CDP. The population density was .{{convert|26|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 21.2% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 75% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.9% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 1.9% from two or more races.

There were 22 households, out of which 22.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were married couples living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.4% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 13.5% under the age of 18, 0% from 18 to 24, 46.1% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 7.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 108 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $43,750, and the median income for a family was $53,750. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $59,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $27,596. There were no families and 6.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 83 people, 31 households, and 19 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 13.25% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 78.31% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 2.41% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 6.02% from two or more races.

There were 31 households, out of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 30.1% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 33.7% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 3.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $43,750, and the median income for a family was $53,750. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $59,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $27,596. There were no families and 6.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

===Religion===
A 1985 environmental impact statement by the [[Minerals Management Service]] of the [[United States Department of the Interior]] reported that while Russian Orthodoxy was the dominant religion in Nelson Lagoon, a trend towards secularization was taking place, especially among the younger generations.<ref name=":1" /> The report noted that religion "is an important secondary activity [that] neither factionalized nor integrated residents at the community level."<ref name=":1" />

