==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 462
|1910= 513
|1920= 528
|1930= 510
|1940= 475
|1950= 508
|1960= 548
|1970= 544
|1980= 554
|1990= 525
|2000= 513
|2010= 508
|2020= 523
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 508 people, 203 households, and 137 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2032.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 226 housing units at an average density of {{convert|904.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 203 households, of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.5% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the town was 40.1 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 13.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 513 people, 185 households, and 133 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,055.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 190 housing units at an average density of {{convert|761.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.17% of the population.

There were 185 households, out of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.1% were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.32.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 32.4% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $51,591, and the median income for a family was $55,833. Males had a median income of $31,667 versus $21,518 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,258. About 5.4% of families and 3.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.9% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.

