==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 1204
|1910= 2702
|1920= 2789
|1930= 1492
|1940= 1449
|1950= 1421
|1960= 1388
|1970= 1262
|1980= 1084
|1990= 1039
|2000= 993
|2010= 880
|2020= 890
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 880 people, 394 households, and 214 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|560.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 495 housing units at an average density of {{convert|315.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 394 households, of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.7% were non-families. 40.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 43.6 years. 23.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.9% were from 25 to 44; 29.4% were from 45 to 64; and 19.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.6% male and 53.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 993 people, 448 households, and 237 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|585.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 525 housing units at an average density of {{convert|309.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.41% of the population.

There were 448 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.3% were married couples living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.9% were non-families. 42.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,787, and the median income for a family was $26,786. Males had a median income of $26,932 versus $18,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,552.  About 20.3% of families and 26.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.8% of those under age 18 and 20.4% of those age 65 or over.

