==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 334
|1870= 325
|1880= 368
|1890= 381
|1900= 345
|1910= 332
|1920= 334
|1930= 457
|1940= 441
|1950= 538
|1960= 561
|1970= 552
|1980= 558
|1990= 539
|2000= 905
|2010= 1011
|2020= 1022
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses }}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 905 people, 323 households, and 254 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,592.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 346 housing units at an average density of {{convert|608.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 95.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.87% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.52% of the population.

There were 323 households, out of which 43.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.1% were non-families. 15.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the borough the age distribution is 29.5% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 36.4% from 25 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 7.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 92.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $49,063, and the median income for a family was $52,578. Males had a median income of $31,736 versus $24,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,246. About 1.6% of families and 2.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.8% of those under age 18 and 1.7% of those age 65 or over.

In 2010 Abbottstown had a population of 1,011. The racial and ethnic composition of the population was 88.4% non-Hispanic white, 1.4% black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 1.0% Asian, 1.2% reporting two or more races and 9.4% Hispanic or Latino.<ref>[https://wayback.archive-it.org/all/20151023151502/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml 2010 population report for Abbottstown, Pennsylvania]</ref>

