==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 385
|1860= 1281
|1870= 1576
|1880= 1336
|1890= 1250
|1900= 1507
|1910= 1360
|1920= 1114
|1930= 1160
|1940= 1222
|1950= 1106
|1960= 1347
|1970= 1237
|1980= 1217
|1990= 1102
|2000= 1000
|2010= 931
|2020= 825
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
 
===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 931 people, 403 households, and 257 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|596.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 461 housing units at an average density of {{convert|295.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 86.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 403 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.2% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 39.1 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.1% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 15.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,000 people, 435 households, and 267 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|719.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 512 housing units at an average density of {{convert|368.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 86.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.60% of the population.

There were 435 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the city the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,938, and the median income for a family was $38,672. Males had a median income of $26,458 versus $20,897 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,399. About 7.3% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.3% of those under age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.

