==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 201
|1930= 261
|1940= 248
|1950= 239
|1960= 257
|1970= 294
|1980= 306
|1990= 264
|2000= 265
|2010= 237
|2020= 275
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 284
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]] there were 237 people, 99 households, and 73 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|56.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|26.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 99.2% White and 0.8% Asian. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.3%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref>

Of the 99 households 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were married couples living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.3% were non-families. 22.2% of households were one person and 11.2% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the village was 48.2 years. 21.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 to 44; 37.2% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 265 people, 98 households, and 81 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|63.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 100 housing units at an average density of 23.9 per square mile (9.2/km{{sup|2}}).  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 98.11% White, 0.75% Native American, 0.38% Asian, and 0.75% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.38%.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 98 households 39.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.4% were married couples living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.3% were non-families. 15.3% of households were one person and 8.2% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.04.

The age distribution was 29.4% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% 65 or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 90.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.8 males.

The median household income was $60,500 and the median family income was $65,313. Males had a median income of $46,000 versus $31,875 for females. The per capita income for the village was $25,944. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

