==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 232
|1970= 286
|1980= 263
|1990= 207
|2000= 236
|2010= 238
|2020= 242
|estyear=2024
|estimate=239
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|df=}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |df= }}</ref> of 2000, there were 236 people, 93 households, and 69 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|103.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 77.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 17.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.85% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.42% of the population.

There were 93 households, out of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were married couples living together, 18.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.8% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,750, and the median income for a family was $30,536. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,751. About 18.3% of families and 26.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 46.9% of those 65 or over.

