==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 341
|1920= 1118
|1930= 1027
|1940= 985
|1950= 1006
|1960= 990
|1970= 899
|1980= 1014
|1990= 952
|2000= 982
|2010= 946
|2020= 981
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 25, 2019|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 946 people, 405 households, and 257 families residing in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.8% of the population.

There were 405 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 34.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, and 73.4% were 18 years of age or older.  The median age was 39.9 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.4 males.
{{clear left}}

