==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 700
| 1930 = 1507
| 1940 = 1229
| 1950 = 1305
| 1960 = 1168
| 1970 = 1192
| 1980 = 1240
| 1990 = 1063
| 2000 = 1068
| 2010 = 982
| 2020 = 899
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Cross Plains racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4817816&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 20, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|789
|87.76%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|9
|1.0%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|1
|0.11%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|1
|0.11%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|21
|2.34%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|78
|8.68%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''899'''
|
|}

As of the 2020 United States census, there were 899 people, 477 households, and 294 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,068 people, 432 households, and 285 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|893.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 554 housing units at an average density of {{convert|463.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.34% of the population.

There were 432 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.1% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 21.7% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 23.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,235, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $22,188 versus $17,955 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,284. About 18.5% of families and 23.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of those under age 18 and 19.0% of those age 65 or over.

