==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1980 = 783
| 1990 = 875
| 2000 = 1119
| 2010 = 1254
| 2020 = 1142
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,254 people, 480 households, and 327 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1409.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 506 housing units at an average density of {{convert|568.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 480 households, of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.9% were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the village was 37.6 years. 27.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.2% were from 25 to 44; 29.3% were from 45 to 64; and 10.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,119 people, 398 households and 296 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,292.0 per square mile (496.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 408 housing units at an average density of 471.1 per square mile (181.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.79% of the population.

There were 398 households, of which 41.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.4% were non-families. 18.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.22.

30.3% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 37.8% from 25 to 44, 17.1% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $56,726 and the median family income was $63,000. Males had a median income of $39,250 versus $27,222 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,886. About 1.3% of families and 2.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.9% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.

