==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 212
|1880= 374
|1900= 790
|1910= 716
|1920= 700
|1930= 656
|1940= 785
|1950= 865
|1960= 897
|1970= 1031
|1980= 1252
|1990= 1281
|2000= 1288
|2010= 1203
|2020= 1258
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,203 people, 502 households, and 322 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|707.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 574 housing units at an average density of {{convert|337.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 502 households, of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.9% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the village was 33.9 years. 27.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 24.2% were from 45 to 64; and 12.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,288 people, 518 households, and 361 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|756.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 586 housing units at an average density of {{convert|344.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 89.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.68% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 3.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.39% of the population.

There were 518 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 92.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,452, and the median income for a family was $35,313. Males had a median income of $30,750 versus $21,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,755. About 17.0% of families and 17.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.2% of those under age 18 and 11.5% of those age 65 or over.

