==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|491
|1890|666
|1900|949
|1910|796
|1920|847
|1930|828
|1940|857
|1950|767
|1960|613
|1970|620
|1980|703
|1990|731
|2000|766
|2010|756
|2020|684
|source=[[2020 United States census|2020 U.S. census]]{{Sfn|US Census|2020}}{{Sfn|Iowa State Data Center}} }}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 684 people, 297 households, and 191 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 855.1 inhabitants per square mile (330.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 322 housing units at an average density of 402.6 per square mile (155.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 94.2% [[White Americans|White]], 0.4% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 2.0% from other races and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 3.4% of the population.

Of the 297 households, 26.3% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% were cohabitating couples, 23.2% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 20.2% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 35.7% of all households were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 40.1 years. 27.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 6.3% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 and 44; 26.5% were from 45 and 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]{{Sfn|US Census 2010||pp=}} of 2010, there were 756 people, 310 households, and 200 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|957.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 337 housing units at an average density of {{convert|426.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 310 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.5% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 36.8 years. 26.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.8% were from 25 to 44; 25.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]{{Sfn|US Census 2000||pp=}} of 2000, there were 766 people, 308 households, and 218 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|977.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 338 housing units at an average density of {{convert|431.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.65% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.31% of the population.

There were 305 households, out of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.9% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,879, and the median income for a family was $37,083. Males had a median income of $27,583 versus $20,577 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,879. About 5.0% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of those under age 18 and 14.0% of those age 65 or over.

