==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 573
|1890= 653
|1900= 598
|1910= 579
|1920= 547
|1930= 608
|1940= 614
|1950= 611
|1960= 643
|1970= 567
|1980= 480
|1990= 421
|2000= 436
|2010= 372
|2020= 344
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 372 people, 174 households, and 110 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|775.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 225 housing units at an average density of {{convert|468.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 174 households, of which 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.8% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the city was 48.2 years. 19.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.2% were from 25 to 44; 31.3% were from 45 to 64; and 24.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 436 people, 192 households, and 123 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|926.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 239 housing units at an average density of {{convert|508.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.69% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 192 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,896, and the median income for a family was $37,031. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $14,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,619. About 8.1% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.9% of those under age 18 and 26.0% of those age 65 or over.

