==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 157
|1940= 255
|1950= 322
|1960= 425
|1970= 490
|1980= 600
|1990= 635
|2000= 629
|2010= 502
|2020= 588
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 and 2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Yankeetown racial composition'''<br> (Hispanics excluded from racial categories)<br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')<br>
!Race
!Pop 2010<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Yankeetown town, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Yankeetown+town;+Florida+&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!Pop 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Yankeetown town, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Yankeetown+town;+Florida+&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|480
|534
|95.61%
|90.82%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|0
|4
|0.00%
|0.68%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|0
|0.20%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|1
|4
|0.20%
|0.68%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]] (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Other races (U.S. Census)|Some other race]] (NH)
|0
|2
|0.00%
|0.34%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races/Multiracial]] (NH)
|11
|18
|2.19%
|3.06%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|9
|26
|1.79%
|4.42%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''502'''
|'''588'''
|
|
|-
|}

As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 588 people, 252 households, and 180 families residing in the town.<ref>{{Cite web|title=S1101 HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES - 2020: Yankeetown town, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Yankeetown+town;+Florida+&tid=ACSST5Y2020.S1101|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

In 2020, the median household income was $44,318. There was an employment rate of 30.2%, and 28.9% of the population lived below the [[Poverty thresholds (United States Census Bureau)|poverty threshold]].<ref name=2020census>{{cite web |title=Yankeetown town, Florida |url=https://data.census.gov/profile?g=1600000US1278925 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 18, 2023}}</ref>

In 2020, 28.2% of the population 25 years or older had a [[Bachelor's degree]] or higher. 11.9% of the population were without any healthcare coverage. The median age was 56.0 years old.<ref name=2020census/>

In 2020, 11.9% of the population were [[war veteran|veterans]]. 1.8% of the population were [[foreign-born]] persons.<ref name=2020census/>

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 502 people, 297 households, and 170 families residing in the town.<ref>{{Cite web|title=S1101 HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES - 2010: Yankeetown town, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Yankeetown+town;+Florida+&tid=ACSST5Y2010.S1101|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 629 people, 309 households, and 194 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] is 80.4/mi<sup>2</sup> (31.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There are 472 housing units at an average density of 60.3/mi<sup>2</sup> (23.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town is 96.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.79% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.95% from two or more races. 0.64% of the population are [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

In 2000, there were 309 households out of which 12.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.9% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.48.

In 2000, in the town, the population was spread out with 14.1% under the age of 18, 3.5% from 18 to 24, 15.6% from 25 to 44, 36.6% from 45 to 64, and 30.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.3 males.

In 2000, the median income for a household in the town was $33,304, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $31,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $22,774. 6.8% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.5% of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those age 65 or over.

