==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1880= 57
|1910= 87
|1920= 89
|1930= 66
|1940= 73
|1950= 105
|1960= 108
|1970= 130
|1980= 172
|1990= 242
|2000= 219
|2010= 402
|2020= 423
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 219 people, 92 households, and 65 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|145.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.59% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.46% of the population.

There were 92 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.3% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,083, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,456. About 9.6% of families and 6.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.7% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

