==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 282
| 1940 = 290
| 1950 = 233
| 1960 = 230
| 1970 = 215
| 1980 = 205
| 1990 = 178
| 2000 = 149
| 2010 = 110
| 2020 = 141
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 110 people, 60 households, and 31 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|24.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|17.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 60 households, of which 13.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.3% were non-families. 41.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.83 and the average family size was 2.45.

The median age in the village was 52 years. 13.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 45.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 149 people, 68 households, and 48 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 33.4 people per square mile (12.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 79 housing units at an average density of 17.7 per square mile (6.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.67% from two or more races. 38.1% were of [[germans|German]], 15.9% [[irish people|Irish]], 7.1% [[czechs|Czech]], 6.2% [[norwegians|Norwegian]] and 5.3% [[Polish people|Polish]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 68 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.58.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.1% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $28,125. Males had a median income of $29,063 versus $22,361 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,319. There were 4.3% of families and 6.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 12.0% of under eighteens and 5.4% of those over 64.

