==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 69
|1910= 148
|1920= 220
|1930= 204
|1940= 234
|1950= 239
|1960= 211
|1970= 195
|1980= 206
|1990= 187
|2000= 210
|2010= 207
|2020= 210
|estyear=2022
|estimate=213
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=April 30, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=April 30, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 207 people, 79 households, and 54 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|75.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|30.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 79 households, of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.6% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the city was 33.9 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 210 people, 76 households, and 56 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|75.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|27.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.95% from two or more races.

There were 76 households, out of which 46.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 14.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $33,958. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $17,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,105.  About 6.6% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

