==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 9956
|1900= 13074
|1910= 11594
|1920= 11334
|1930= 10622
|1940= 11101
|1950= 10640
|1960= 10132
|1970= 9615
|1980= 9115
|1990= 8695
|2000= 8620
|2010= 8216
|2020= 7908
|estyear=2021
|estimate=7918
|estref=<ref name="QF">{{cite web |url = https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/ashlandcitywisconsin,WI/PST045221 |date = July 1, 2021 |title = Population and Housing Unit Estimates |publisher = United States Census Bureau |access-date = July 15, 2022 }}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url = https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title = Census of Population and Housing |publisher = Census.gov |access-date = June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5503225">{{cite web |title = 2020 Decennial Census: Ashland city, Wisconsin |url = https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5503225&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |publisher = U.S. Census Bureau |access-date = July 15, 2022 }}</ref> the population was 7,908. The [[population density]] was {{convert|591.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 3,860 housing units at an average density of {{convert|288.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 80.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 7.2% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 2.8% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov" /> of 2010, there were 8,216 people, 3,516 households, and 1,942 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|612.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 3,864 housing units at an average density of {{convert|287.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 7.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 3,516 households, of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.8% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the city was 38.6 years. 21% of residents were under the age of 18; 13% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 16.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 8,620 people, 3,513 households, and 2,027 families residing in the city.  The [[population density]] was 643.3 people per square mile (248.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 3,777 housing units at an average density of 108.8 persons/km<sup>2</sup> (281.9 persons/sq&nbsp;mi). The racial makeup of the city was 90.17% [[White (people)|White]], 0.32% [[African American]], 6.30% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.49% [[Asia]]n, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.43% from other races, and 2.23% from two or more races.  1.37% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 3,513 households, out of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% have a woman whose husband does not live with her, and 42.3% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 15.4% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,853, and the median income for a family was $40,549. Males had a median income of $30,122 versus $20,926 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,330.  About 7.5% of families and 12.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.9% of those under the age of 18 and 10.0% ages 65 or older.

