==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 359
|1920= 470
|1930= 577
|1940= 565
|1950= 596
|1960= 654
|1970= 621
|1980= 662
|1990= 651
|2000= 565
|2010= 539
|2020= 506
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=October 3, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20141003185009/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 539 people, 230 households, and 142 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|829.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 292 housing units at an average density of {{convert|449.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 230 households, of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.3% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 41.9 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.7% were from 25 to 44; 30.6% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 565 people, 247 households, and 142 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|880.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 299 housing units at an average density of {{convert|466.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.77% from two or more races.

There were 247 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.5% were non-families. 37.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,667, and the median income for a family was $34,659. Males had a median income of $24,286 versus $18,977 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,102. About 5.3% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.8% of those under age 18 and 21.8% of those age 65 or over.

