==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 306
|1870= 392
|1880= 284
|1920= 220
|1930= 246
|1940= 288
|1950= 333
|1960= 413
|1970= 436
|1980= 746
|1990= 978
|2000= 1149
|2010= 3682
|2020= 3785
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,682 people, 1,343 households, and 1,069 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|210.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,412 housing units at an average density of {{convert|80.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 1,343 households, of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.4% were non-families. 15.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the village was 42 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 34.9% were from 45 to 64; and 10.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,149 people, 410 households, and 307 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 2,360.6 people per square mile (905.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 425 housing units at an average density of 873.1 per square mile (334.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.70% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.39% from two or more races. 3.48% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 410 households, out of which 43.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.9% were non-families. 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.5% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 6.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $55,063, and the median income for a family was $61,875. Males had a median income of $42,159 versus $30,184 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,609. About 4.9% of families and 4.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.6% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.

