==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 368
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2020, there were 368 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 1,614.04 people per square mile (623.16/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 148 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 80.4% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 9.5% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 8.7% from two or more races. 4.3% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Remington CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Remington_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3966180 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=26 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 227 households, out of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 11.9% had a female householder with no spouse present. 5.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 0.0% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76, and the average family size was 3.33.<ref name="2020 census"/>

27.0% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 71.2% were 18 to 64, and 1.8% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36.3. For every 100 females, there were 80.2 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $173,984, and the median income for a family was $174,922. About 4.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 0.0% of those under age 18 and 0.0% of those age 65 or over. About 72.6% of the population were employed, and 68.7% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

