==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 283
|2010= 292
|2020= 317
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="GR2"/><ref>{{Cite web| url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2010.P1?q=&g=160XX00US4147300| title=P1. Race – Mehama CDP, Oregon: 2010 DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171)| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| access-date=August 20, 2025}}</ref><ref name="Census 2020"/>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 283 people, 110 households, and 77 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|596.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 123 housing units at an average density of {{convert|259.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.06% of the population.

There were 110 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,854, and the median income for a family was $54,286. Males had a median income of $35,192 versus $14,712 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,617. None of the families and 11.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

