==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 957 people, 244 households, and 203 families residing in the community.  The population density was {{convert|82.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 251 housing units at an average density of 21.5/sq&nbsp;mi (8.3/km{{sup|2}}).  The racial makeup of the CDP was 1.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 97.81% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.57% of the population.

There were 244 households, of which 54.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 38.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.4% were non-families. 13.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.81 and the average family size was 4.03.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 45.6% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 13.4% from 45 to 64, and 5.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median income for a household is $30,000, and the median income for a family was $30,588. Males had a median income of $25,642 versus $26,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,886.  About 33.5% of families and 36.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.1% of those under age 18 and 28.0% of those age 65 or over.

{{US Census population
|1910= 92
|1920= 93
|1930= 208
|1990= 787
|2000= 957
|2010= 1334
|2020= 1302
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau }}</ref>
}}

