==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 618
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
Some of Hollister’s recent population data comes from the 2020 US census, when Hollister had 618 people. Its population is sparse, but growing. The median age of Hollister is 33.9 years. 42.8% of the population is American Indian, 22.1% of the population is white, and 14.6% of the population is 
black. The median age of Hollister is significantly lower than that of the United States. There were 481 males and 416 females. The employment rate in 2020 was 50.1% and only 15.4% of people held a college degree. According to the 2010 census, Hollister had 674 people in 2010, showing that the population had decreased slightly over a decade. 
While Hollister’s population did not face much change between 2010 and 2020, its median age is 33.9, which is lower than both the national median and the median for Halifax County. This suggests a relatively young population that may influence local workforce composition and community services.
The population of Hollister in 2023 was 897 people, according to the ACS. The projected population for 2025 is 973 people, both signifying a significant population increase. We also see that the makeup of the population is generally the same despite the population increase. Whereas its population was 674 in 2010, it dropped slightly to 618 and rose to an estimated 897 in 2023, with a projection for 973 by 2025. Despite the changes in the total population, the overall demographic makeup has remained very consistent. For example, the age distribution shows very little change from 2020 to 2023, with median ages hovering around 33-34 years, and the racial composition still dominated by Native American residents at approximately 43%, followed by White and Black populations. This suggests that the 
community in Hollister stays relatively consistent, with relatively small in-migration and out-migration affecting its age and racial composition. This pattern highlights the characteristic consistency of small rural CDPs, where the total population and demographic patterns remain largely unchanged even across decades. Understanding this stability provides insight into the dynamics of rural, minority-majority communities; it highlights the fact that changes in total population do not necessarily reflect substantial changes in the community's social composition. 
===Income===
The median income in Hollister in 2023 was $39,744, compared to $28,406 in 2020, both of which are significantly less than the national average, reflecting the limited high-wage employment opportunities in rural communities. The low percentage of residents with a college degree (15.4%) suggests challenges in accessing higher-skilled employment locally. Although Hollister has relatively affordable housing, it is reasonable to assume that, because of the relatively low incomes and lack of resources within Hollister, many families in the region face economic hardships. 

Overall, Hollister’s demography is shaped by lon

U.S. Census Bureau. North Carolina: 2010 : Population and Housing Unit Counts. CPH‑2‑35. Washington, D.C.: U.S. Dept. of Commerce, Economics and Statistics Administration, 2012. PDF file. Free Library Catalog

“List of Census‑designated Places in North Carolina.” Wikipedia, Wikimedia Foundation, last updated Dec. 1, 2025, en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_census-designated_places_in_North_Carolina. Census.gov+1

“North Carolina — Hollister Demographics.” NorthCarolina‑Demographics.com, www.northcarolina-demographics.com/hollister-demographics. Accessed 2 Dec. 2025.

“Hollister CDP, North Carolina — Data.” data.census.gov, U.S. Census Bureau, data.census.gov/all?q=Hollister+CDP,+North+Carolina. Accessed 1 Dec. 2025.

“Hollister CDP, North Carolina — Selected Social Characteristics in the United States: 2023.” data.census.gov, U.S. Census Bureau, table ACSST5Y2023.S0101?q=Hollister+CDP,+North+Carolina. Accessed 1 Dec. 2025.

“Hollister CDP, North Carolina — Demographic and Housing Estimates: 2023.” data.census.gov, U.S. Census Bureau, table ACSDP5Y2023.DP05?q=Hollister+CDP,+North+Carolina. Accessed 29 Nov. 2025.

“Hollister CDP, North Carolina — Selected Economic Characteristics: 2023.” data.census.gov, U.S. Census Bureau, table ACSST5Y2023.S0601?q=Hollister+CDP,+North+Carolina. Accessed 25 Nov. 2025.

“Hollister, NC (Census‑Designated Place) — Profile.” Census Reporter, censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US3732100-hollister-nc. Accessed 25 Nov. 2025.

g-term community patterns than migration or economic change



===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Hollister racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3732100&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-24|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 25
| 4.05%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 181
| 29.29%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 344
| 55.66%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 54
| 8.74%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 14
| 2.27%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 618 people, 275 households, and 165 families residing in the CDP.

