==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 84
|1920= 200
|1930= 256
|1940= 264
|1950= 272
|1960= 204
|1970= 220
|1980= 285
|1990= 245
|2000= 285
|2010= 313
|2020= 294
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 14, 2014}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref name="2013 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2014-07-14|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-date=2014-05-22|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 313 people, 143 households, and 79 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|309.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 194 housing units at an average density of {{convert|192.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 143 households, of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.8% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 45.1 years. 19.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 25.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.3% male and 45.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 285 people, 132 households, and 76 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|400.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 187 housing units at an average density of {{convert|262.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.05% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.35% of the population.

There were 132 households, out of which 19.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.4% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.4% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 26.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $31,094. Males had a median income of $18,438 versus $25,556 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,768.  About 3.3% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.8% of those 65 or over.

