==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 19
|1900= 137
|1910= 137
|1920= 121
|1930= 115
|1940= 107
|1950= 85
|1960= 55
|1970= 37
|1980= 40
|1990= 18
|2000= 21
|2010= 12
|2020= 10
|estyear=2023
|estimate=14
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=August 15, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 15, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 12 people, 6 households, and 3 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|13.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 11 housing units at an average density of {{convert|12.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 6 households, of which 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together and 50.0% were non-families. 0.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.00.

The median age in the city was 55 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 16.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 0.0% were from 25 to 44; 66.8% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 21 people, 10 households, and 6 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|25.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 14 housing units at an average density of {{convert|16.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 10 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 40.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 38.1% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 4.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 250.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 220.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $50,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,839. None of the population or the families were below the [[poverty line]].

