==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 267
|1900= 329
|1910= 497
|1920= 592
|1930= 865
|1940= 920
|1950= 1239
|1960= 914
|1970= 770
|1980= 796
|1990= 656
|2000= 507
|2010= 560
|2020= 516
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 560 people, 264 households, and 134 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|965.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 328 housing units at an average density of {{convert|565.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 264 households, of which 22.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 49.2% were non-families. 43.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the village was 48.1 years. 18.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 27.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 507 people, 246 households, and 138 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|878.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 301 housing units at an average density of {{convert|521.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.18% of the population.

There were 246 households, out of which 19.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.9% were non-families. 38.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 17.8% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 24.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.8 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $25,078, and the median income for a family was $34,271. Males had a median income of $26,094 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,057. About 13.7% of families and 15.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.8% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.

