==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 71
|2010= 59
|2020= 45
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{Cite web |title=U.S. Decennial Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |access-date=June 6, 2013 |publisher=Census.gov}}</ref>
}}
Nelchina first appeared on the 2000 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).
 
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=January 31, 2008 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2000, there were 71 people, 27 households, and 20 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.14% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 4.23% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 5.63% from two or more races.

Of the 27 households, 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were married couples living together, and 25.9% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 28.2% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 19.7% from 25 to 44, 32.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 153.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 131.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $40,625, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $37,917 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,742. There were 19.0% of families and 17.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

