==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 135
| 1890 = 214
| 1900 = 296
| 1910 = 495
| 1920 = 702
| 1930 = 613
| 1940 = 541
| 1950 = 550
| 1960 = 586
| 1970 = 724
| 1980 = 785
| 1990 = 832
| 2000 = 854
| 2010 = 826
| 2020 = 734
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 738
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 854 people, 345 households, and 239 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|856.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 379 housing units at an average density of {{convert|379.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 72.95% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 23.65% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.47% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.35% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.12% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.11% from two or more races. 1.17% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 345 households, out of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.7% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,571, and the median income for a family was $37,679. Males had a median income of $27,014 versus $21,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,968. About 15.1% of families and 21.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.7% of those under age 18 and 14.0% of those age 65 or over.

