==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1880= 469
|1900= 828
|1910= 934
|1920= 985
|1930= 959
|1940= 1062
|1950= 1043
|1960= 1069
|1970= 1131
|1980= 1183
|1990= 1045
|2000= 1124
|2010= 1168
|2020= 1112
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1094
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

Christiana is the least populous [[borough (Pennsylvania)|borough]] in [[Lancaster County, Pennsylvania|Lancaster County]].<ref name=ij>{{cite news |first=Paula |last=Wolf |title=Terre Hill tops early Census returns |url=http://articles.lancasteronline.com/local/4/250448 |work=[[Intelligencer Journal]] |date=2010-03-28 |access-date=2010-04-07 |archive-url=https://archive.today/20130103200659/http://articles.lancasteronline.com/local/4/250448 |archive-date=2013-01-03 |url-status=dead }}</ref>

As of the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>  there were 1,124 people, 383 households, and 284 families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|2,121.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 391 housing units at an average density of {{convert|738.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 96.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.87% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.60% from two or more races. 4.00% of the population were [[Hispanics in the United States|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 383 households, out of which 33.2% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 58.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.6% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of eighteen, 7.3% from eighteen to twenty-four, 26.8% from twenty-five to forty-four, 20.3% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 22.9% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was forty years.

For every one hundred females, there were 85.2 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 78.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $48,333, and the median income for a family was $50,583. Males had a median income of $35,125 compared with that of $25,000 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $18,764.

Roughly 3.8% of families and 6.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 13.5% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 1.6% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

