==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1930 = 173
| 1940 = 169
| 1950 = 165
| 1960 = 170
| 1970 = 253
| 1980 = 298
| 1990 = 229
| 2000 = 240
| 2010 = 222
| 2020 = 193
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 186
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 240 people, 96 households, and 72 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 319.5/km{{sup|2}} (819.0/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 105 housing units at an average density of 139.8/km{{sup|2}} (358.3/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]].  1.25% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 96 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.0% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,375, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $21,136 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,220. About 14.3% of families and 16.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 32.5% of those 65 or over.

