==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 247
|1930= 908
|1940= 1350
|1950= 1208
|1960= 1183
|1970= 1335
|1980= 1601
|1990= 1664
|2000= 1699
|2010= 1261
|2020= 926
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
<ref name="1920 Census Fourteenth Census of The United States: 1920 Louisiana">{{cite web|url= https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1920/bulletins/demographics/population-la-number-of-inhabitants.pdf |accessdate=July 29, 2023}}</ref>
<ref name="1950 Census Number of Inhabitants Louisiana">{{cite web|url= https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1950/population-volume-1/vol-01-21.pdf|accessdate=July 29, 2023}}</ref>
<ref name="1970 Census of Population Louisiana">{{cite web|url= https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1970a_la-01.pdf |accessdate=July 29, 2023}}</ref>
<ref name="1980 Census of Population Louisiana">{{cite web|url= https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1980a_laABC-01.pdf |accessdate=July 29, 2023}}</ref>
<ref name="1990 Census of Population Louisiana">{{cite web|url=
https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1990/cp-1/cp-1-20.pdf|accessdate=July 29, 2023}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,699 people, 626 households, and 458 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 20.7 people per square mile (8.0/km{{sup|2}}). There were 818 housing units at an average density of 9.9 per square mile (3.8/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.71% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.12% of the population.

There were 626 households, out of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 27.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $37,366, and the median income for a family was $51,780. Males had a median income of $36,719 versus $25,192 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,332. About 3.9% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under age 18 and 4.4% of those age 65 or over.

The population had dropped to 1,261 at the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name="Census 2010"/> as many people left after the community was flooded deeply in [[Hurricane Ike]].

