==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 400
| 1920 = 522
| 1930 = 601
| 1940 = 658
| 1950 = 783
| 1960 = 706
| 1970 = 803
| 1980 = 1200
| 1990 = 1492
| 2000 = 1989
| 2010 = 2162
| 2020 = 2613
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=August 31, 2014}}</ref><br/>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Friday Harbor, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Friday%20Harbor%20town,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 14, 2024}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 2,162 people, 1,015 households, and 481 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1034.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,273 housing units at an average density of {{convert|609.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 83.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 10.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 15.9% of the population.

There were 1,015 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 52.6% were non-families. 46.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the town was 41.3 years. 22.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 28.7% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,989 people, 896 households, and 468 families residing in the town. The population density was 1,467.7 people per square mile (564.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,053 housing units at an average density of 777.0 per square mile (298.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 92.01% White, 0.65% African American, 1.31% Native American, 1.41% Asian, 0.20% Pacific Islander, 2.61% from other races, and 1.81% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.23% of the population.

There were 896 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.6% were married couples living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.7% were non-families. 38.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 23.1% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,139, and the median income for a family was $45,208. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $24,741 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,792. About 7.7% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.2% of those under age 18 and 6.0% of those age 65 or over.

