==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 680
|1970= 640
|1980= 573
|1990= 477
|2000= 436
|2010= 388
|2020= 296
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 436 people, 172 households, and 116 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|647.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 213 housing units at an average density of {{convert|316.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 80.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 17.89% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.69% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.23% of the population.

There were 172 households, out of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living there, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 11.7% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $21,563, and the median income for a family was $27,083. Males had a median income of $28,625 versus $13,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,934. About 26.3% of families and 28.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.0% of those under age 18 and 16.1% of those age 65 or over.

