==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 311
|1920= 515
|1930= 526
|1940= 569
|1950= 615
|1960= 549
|1970= 554
|1980= 516
|1990= 441
|2000= 419
|2010= 472
|2020= 390
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 419 people, 171 households and 121 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|417.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 191 housing units at an average density of {{convert|190.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 64.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 35.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 171 households, of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.2% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.96.

Age distribution was 24.6% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 71.7 males.

The [[median household income]] was $27,917, and the median family income was $28,750. Males had a median income of $25,500 versus $18,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,658. About 16.9% of families and 18.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.7% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.

