==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 276
|1930= 292
|1940= 317
|1950= 375
|1960= 363
|1970= 344
|1980= 362
|1990= 302
|2000= 294
|2010= 282
|2020= 263
|estyear=2021
|estimate=267
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=August 21, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 21, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 282 people, 128 households, and 79 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|218.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 153 housing units at an average density of {{convert|118.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 128 households, of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.3% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 41.7 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.9% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 19.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 294 people, 137 households, and 79 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|223.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 154 housing units at an average density of {{convert|117.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 91.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.40% of the population.

There were 137 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.3% were non-families. 40.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 23.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,722, and the median income for a family was $40,417. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $17,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,650.  About 9.9% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 33.3% of those 65 or over.

