==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 279
|1940= 229
|1950= 312
|1960= 245
|1970= 238
|1980= 172
|1990= 211
|2000= 303
|2010= 350
|2020= 265
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Madrid racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0145904&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 17, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|227
|85.66%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|19
|7.17%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|2
|0.75%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|6
|2.26%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|11
|4.15%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 265 people, 117 households, and 78 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 303 people, 119 households, and 89 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|156.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 134 housing units at an average density of {{convert|69.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 82.84% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 16.17% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.33% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 0.66% from two or more races.

There were 119 households, out of which 42.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.4% were non-families. 20.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.4% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 33.0% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $14,943, and the median income for a family was $21,563. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $16,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,409. About 18.1% of families and 30.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 51.5% of those 65 or over.

