==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 184
|1900= 438
|1910= 486
|1920= 657
|1930= 702
|1940= 856
|1950= 873
|1960= 909
|1970= 1036
|1980= 1142
|1990= 1126
|2000= 1273
|2010= 1366
|2020= 1325
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,366 people, 571 households, and 319 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1187.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 638 housing units at an average density of {{convert|554.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.8% of the population.

There were 571 households, of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.1% were non-families. 37.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 41.1 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 22.7% were from 45 to 64; and 22.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,273 people, 533 households, and 305 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,175.2 people per square mile (455.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 564 housing units at an average density of 520.7 per square mile (201.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.34% of the population.

There were 533 households, out of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.6% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 28.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,769, and the median income for a family was $41,292. Males had a median income of $27,297 versus $20,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,253. About 3.3% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.2% of those under age 18 and 14.4% of those age 65 or over.

