==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 186
| 1930 = 164
| 1940 = 171
| 1950 = 139
| 1960 = 147
| 1970 = 135
| 1980 = 127
| 1990 = 173
| 2000 = 198
| 2010 = 216
| 2020 = 292
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 216 people, 76 households, and 52 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|317.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|120.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 58.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 39.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 51.9% of the population.

There were 76 households, of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.6% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.48.

The median age in the village was 30.5 years. 28.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 11% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.2% were from 25 to 44; 17.6% were from 45 to 64; and 13.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 198 people, 68 households, and 45 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 288.8 people per square mile (110.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 70 housing units at an average density of 102.1 per square mile (39.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 64.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.01% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 33.84% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 34.34% of the population.

There were 68 households, out of which 41.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.91 and the average family size was 3.70.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 35.4% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 12.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,250, and the median income for a family was $34,167. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,061. About 7.7% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.6% of those 65 or over.

