==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|2010= 123
|2020= 156
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/decennial-publications.html|title=Decennial Census Official Publications|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=March 4, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2010, there were 123 people, 63 households, and 33 families residing in the CDP. There were 89 housing units, of which 26, or 29.2%, were vacant. 15 of the vacant units were for seasonal or recreational use. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.6% [[White Americans|white]], 0.8% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], and 1.6% from two or more races. None of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3310900| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1): Center Sandwich CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| accessdate=October 12, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213115739/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3310900| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

Of the 63 households in the CDP, 17.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.7% were headed by married couples living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.6% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.2% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95, and the average family size was 2.67.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

16.3% of residents in the CDP were under the age of 18, 2.4% were from age 18 to 24, 15.4% were from 25 to 44, 34.9% were from 45 to 64, and 30.9% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 70.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 58.5 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

For the period 2011–15, the estimated median annual income for a household was $39,737, and the [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,130.<ref>{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3310900| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): Center Sandwich CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| accessdate=October 12, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213110344/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3310900| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

