==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 156
|1900= 192
|1910= 288
|1920= 784
|1930= 315
|1940= 369
|1950= 353
|1960= 469
|1970= 509
|1980= 498
|1990= 437
|2000= 566
|2010= 719
|2020= 673
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 719 people, 264 households, and 190 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1261.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 295 housing units at an average density of {{convert|517.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 264 households, of which 40.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.0% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.14.

The median age in the town was 35.2 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 12.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 566 people, 225 households, and 168 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,009.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 242 housing units at an average density of {{convert|431.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.77% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.71% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.41% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]].

There were 225 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.9% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 38.2% from 25 to 44, 17.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $48,125, and the median income for a family was $53,365. Males had a median income of $37,083 versus $23,182 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,617. About 3.6% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.9% of those under age 18 and 5.2% of those age 65 or over.

