==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 217
|1930= 221
|1940= 361
|1950= 457
|1960= 906
|1970= 949
|1980= 1027
|1990= 656
|2000= 734
|2010= 711
|2020= 585
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 17, 2022|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220717060613/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=May 12, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150512074548/http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/08000.html|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2000, there were 734 people, 311 households, and 208 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,036.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 369 housing units at an average density of {{convert|520.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.68% of the population.

There were 311 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,466, and the median income for a family was $33,636. Males had a median income of $32,417 versus $21,726 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,982. About 14.4% of families and 17.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.4% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

