==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 199
|1910= 247
|1920= 180
|1930= 164
|1940= 174
|1950= 170
|1960= 200
|1970= 202
|1980= 161
|1990= 158
|2000= 160
|2010= 124
|2020= 140
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 124 people, 53 households, and 30 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|953.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|446.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.6% from two or more races.

There were 53 households, of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.4% were non-families. 39.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the village was 42 years. 20.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 33% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.0% male and 46.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 160 people, 59 households, and 43 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,196.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|471.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.62% of the population.

There were 59 households, out of which 40.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.1% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 17.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 77.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,761. About 10.0% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 23.1% of those 65 or over.

