==Demographics==
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 51 people, 21 households and 17 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 1.2 per square mile (0.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 53 housing units at an average density of 1.3/sq&nbsp;mi (0.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.08% [[White (U.S. census)|White]], and 3.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.92% of the population.

There were 21 households, of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.3% were non-families. 4.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.56.

17.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 2.0% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 37.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $36,250 and the median family income was $36,250. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,419. None of the population or the families were below the [[poverty line]].

