==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 89
|1880= 179
|1910= 519
|1920= 679
|1930= 819
|1940= 880
|1950= 824
|1960= 709
|1970= 595
|1980= 583
|1990= 414
|2000= 387
|2010= 375
|2020= 392
|estyear=2021
|estimate=403
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 375 people, 163 households, and 111 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|892.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 192 housing units at an average density of {{convert|457.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 163 households, of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.9% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the town was 39.6 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 387 people, 163 households, and 108 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 917.3 inhabitants per square mile (355.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 194 housing units at an average density of 459.8 per square mile (178.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.29% from two or more races.

There were 163 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $39,688. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,990. About 5.9% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.3% of those under age 18 and 1.3% of those age 65 or over.

