==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = US Decennial Census<br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Quilcene, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Quilcene%20CDP,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 12, 2024}}</ref>
| 2000 = 591
| 2010 = 596
| 2020 = 598
}}
As of the 2010 census, 596 people lived in 312 households in the CDP,<ref>https://www.census.gov/popfinder/?fl=53:5356975 {{Dead link|date=October 2020|fix-attempted=yes}}</ref> representing a population increase of 6 and a household increase of 69 over the 2000 census). With 123 children under the age of 18, 20.6% are school age or younger.

In 2000, the [[population density]] was 60.6 people per square mile (23.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 284 housing units at an average density of 29.1/sq&nbsp;mi (11.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 84.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.17% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.85% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 9.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.35% of the population.

In 2000, there were 243 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.95.

In 2000, the median income for a household in the CDP was $40,385, and the median income for a family was $45,313. Males had a median income of $36,500 versus $24,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,335. About 11.3% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

