==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 245
|1920= 445
|1930= 805
|1940= 946
|1950= 854
|1960= 799
|1970= 460
|1980= 469
|1990= 382
|2000= 383
|2010= 367
|2020= 334
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 367 people, 160 households, and 90 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|233.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 178 housing units at an average density of {{convert|113.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 160 households, of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.8% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 39.5 years. 25.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 383 people, 162 households, and 98 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|240.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 178 housing units at an average density of {{convert|111.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.04% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.83% of the population.

There were 162 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.5% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,250, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $24,625 versus $18,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,293.  About 16.0% of families and 17.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.8% of those under age 18 and 18.3% of those age 65 or over.

