==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 429
|1900= 943
|1910= 804
|1920= 992
|1930= 1006
|1940= 1135
|1950= 1167
|1960= 1165
|1970= 1229
|1980= 1318
|1990= 1208
|2000= 1148
|2010= 1002
|2020= 1115
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 16, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-3138750">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Pender village, Nebraska |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3138750&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=July 19, 2022}}</ref> the population was 1,115. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,579.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 499 housing units at an average density of {{convert|706.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.0% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 3.8% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,002 people, 444 households, and 291 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1411.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 497 housing units at an average density of {{convert|700.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 444 households, of which 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.5% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the village was 49.5 years. 19.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.3% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 27.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,148 people, 489 households, and 310 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,801.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 542 housing units at an average density of {{convert|850.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.78% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.78% of the population.

There were 489 households, out of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 29.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $30,990, and the median income for a family was $38,333. Males had a median income of $26,008 versus $19,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,672. About 3.9% of families and 6.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.5% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.

