==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 308
|1920= 610
|1930= 725
|1940= 824
|1950= 871
|1960= 953
|1970= 1050
|1980= 993
|1990= 912
|2000= 863
|2010= 868
|2020= 847
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920|access-date=October 10, 2021|archive-date=March 8, 2022|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220308015914/https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}
At the 2010 [[census]], the borough was 96.8% White, 0.2% Black or African American, 0.3% Native American, 0.2% Asian and 0.5% were two or more races. 2.0% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |title=Census 2010: Pennsylvania |work=USA Today |access-date=2013-07-22}}</ref>

At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 863 people, 378 households and 250 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|867.8|/sqmi}}. There were 403 housing units at an average density of {{convert|405.3|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up of the borough was 99.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] and 0.12% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.58% of the population.

There were 378 households, of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present and 33.6% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.77.

21.3% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 32.9% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64 and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.4 males.

The [[median household income]] was $48,194 and the median family income was $55,208. Males had a median income of $41,250 and females $31,726. The [[per capita income]] was $24,916. About 2.0% of families and 3.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.2% of those under age 18 and 6.7% of those age 65 or over.

