==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 128
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 133 people, 33 households, and 26 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|858.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|219.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.75% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.26% of the population.

There were 33 households, out of which 39.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.2% were non-families. 15.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 17.3% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 14.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 60.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $30,938. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,978. There were 6.5% of families and 10.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 17.9% of under eighteens and 12.0% of those over 64.

