==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 66
| 1910 = 701
| 1920 = 905
| 1930 = 919
| 1940 = 992
| 1950 = 1044
| 1960 = 885
| 1970 = 1026
| 1980 = 1149
| 1990 = 1110
| 2000 = 1136
| 2010 = 1158
| 2020 = 1182
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,158 people, 478 households, and 291 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|839.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 524 housing units at an average density of {{convert|379.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 478 households, of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.1% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the village was 41.8 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 21.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.6% male and 54.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,136 people, 467 households, and 294 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 817.0 people per square mile (315.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 488 housing units at an average density of 351.0 per square mile (135.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.70% from two or more races. 1.32% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 467 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 23.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,118, and the median income for a family was $40,673. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $21,741 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,040. About 2.7% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 15.3% of those age 65 or over.

