==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 292
|1970= 374
|1980= 284
|1990= 281
|2000= 300
|2010= 235
|2020= 242
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 235 people, 102 households, and 68 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|940.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|444.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 102 households, of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the town was 53.1 years. 18.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 25.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 300 people, 121 households, and 86 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,196.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 127 housing units at an average density of {{convert|506.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 80.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 16.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.67% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.67% of the population.

There were 121 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.1% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 22.3% from 25 to 44, 28.7% from 45 to 64, and 22.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $46,750. Males had a median income of $63,750 versus $22,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $24,383. About 3.4% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.5% of those 65 or over.

