==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 241
|1900= 245
|1910= 191
|1920= 183
|1930= 198
|1940= 188
|1950= 168
|1960= 128
|1970= 84
|1980= 85
|1990= 55
|2000= 58
|2010= 45
|2020= 43
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 45 people, 24 households, and 13 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|204.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 24 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 16.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.8% were non-families. 41.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.88 and the average family size was 2.54.

The median age in the city was 41.5 years. 20% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.8% male and 42.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 58 people, 26 households, and 15 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|260.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|130.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 26 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.3% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 19.0% from 25 to 44, 36.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 126.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $8,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $26,924. There were no families and 2.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

