==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 687
|1910= 701
|1920= 663
|1930= 826
|1940= 960
|1950= 1041
|1960= 1473
|1970= 1814
|1980= 1833
|1990= 1679
|2000= 1595
|2010= 1483
|2020= 1465
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,483 people, 606 households, and 398 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1666.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 667 housing units at an average density of {{convert|749.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.9% of the population.

There were 606 households, of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.3% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 38.6 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,595 people, 626 households, and 446 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,766.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 675 housing units at an average density of {{convert|747.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.32% of the population.

There were 626 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,882, and the median income for a family was $46,042. Males had a median income of $36,681 versus $21,397 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,714.  About 5.9% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.2% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.

