==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 273
|1940= 373
|1950= 353
|1960= 317
|1970= 313
|1980= 340
|1990= 223
|2000= 312
|2010= 293
|2020= 253
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|census of 2010]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-11|archive-date=2015-05-12|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150512074548/http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/08000.html|url-status=live}}</ref> there were 293 people, 110 households, and 78 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|915.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|378.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the town was 98.6% White, 0.3% African American, 0.3% Native American, 0.3% from other races, and 0.3% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 110 households, of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.1% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the town was 36.9 years. 28.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 312 people, 124 households, and 81 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,061.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|449.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.04% White, 0.64% African American, 0.32% from other races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.32% of the population.

There were 124 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,464, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $30,750 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,147. About 3.3% of families and 5.2% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 4.3% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

