==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1950 = 109
| 1960 = 196
| 1970 = 203
| 1980 = 386
| 1990 = 415
| 2000 = 656
| 2010 = 718
| 2020 = 822
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2020 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 718 people, 270 households and 190 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|472.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 297 housing units at an average density of {{convert|195.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up of the city was 93.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.7% of the population.

There were 270 households, of which 41.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.6% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age was 32.3 years. 31.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 10.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender make-up was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 656 people, 240 households and 177 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|432.5|/sqmi}}. There were 254 housing units at an average density of {{convert|167.5|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up was 98.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.61% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.44% of the population.

There were 240 households, of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 18.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.14.

32.8% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The [[median household income]] was $35,781 and the median family income was $36,042. Males had a median income of $32,788 and females $30,500. The [[per capita income]] was $15,516.  About 13.6% of families and 17.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.9% of those under age 18 and 6.1% of those age 65 or over.

