==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 119
|1890= 112
|1900= 103
|1910= 94
|1920= 82
|1930= 90
|1940= 106
|1950= 101
|1960= 121
|1970= 105
|1980= 132
|1990= 74
|2000= 112
|2010= 101
|2020= 65
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | url = https://www.census.gov | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | accessdate = December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 101 people, 37 households, and 29 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1442.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|600.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.0% from two or more races.

There were 37 households, of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.6% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.17.

The median age in the town was 38.8 years. 24.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 29.6% were from 45 to 64; and 13.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 112 people, 44 households, and 30 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,638.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|672.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 44 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.8% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $54,375, and the median income for a family was $55,000. Males had a median income of $37,500 versus $19,531 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,111. There were 9.4% of families and 18.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 25.6% of under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

