==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1960 = 162
| 1970 = 158
| 1980 = 231
| 1990 = 388
| 2000 = 792
| 2010 = 755
| 2020 = 676
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 709
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Rockport racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0560020&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 30, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 580
| 85.8%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 25
| 3.7%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 2
| 0.3%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.3%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 61
| 9.02%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 6
| 0.89%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 676 people, 303 households, and 235 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 792 people, 324 households, and 238 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|97.4|/km2|/mi2|abbr=on}}. There were 348 housing units at an average density of {{convert|42.8|/km2|/mi2|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.44% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.40% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.26% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.63% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.13% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.14% from two or more races. 0.63% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] ethnicity of any race.

There were 324 households, out of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. Average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 29.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,250, and the median income for a family was $40,750. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $21,146 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,299. About 2.5% of families and 5.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.1% of those under age 18 and 9.0% of those age 65 or over.

