==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|256
|1920|302
|1930|330
|1940|316
|1950|304
|1960|273
|1970|231
|1980|259
|1990|189
|2000|218
|2010|158
|2020|123
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 123 people, 65 households, and 32 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 236.0 inhabitants per square mile (91.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 89 housing units at an average density of 170.8 per square mile (65.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 85.4% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 5.7% from other races and 8.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 13.0% of the population.{{cn|date=October 2025}}

Of the 65 households, 26.2% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% were cohabitating couples, 30.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 27.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 50.8% of all households were non-families. 46.2% of all households were made up of individuals, 26.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older. The median age in the city was 49.8 years. 18.7% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 22.0% were from 25 and 44; 26.0% were from 45 and 64; and 29.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.7% male and 46.3% female.{{cn|date=October 2025}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 158 people, 67 households, and 44 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|322.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 95 housing units at an average density of {{convert|193.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.5% of the population.

There were 67 households, of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.3% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 44 years. 19.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 22.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.3% male and 43.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 218 people, 93 households, and 55 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|387.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|183.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.67% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.88% of the population.

There were 93 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.8% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 3.14.

Age spread:  28.9% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 17.0% from 45 to 64, and 25.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $34,531. Males had a median income of $26,500 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,077. About 5.1% of families and 6.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 12.3% of those 65 or over.

