==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 790 people, 249 households, and 169 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|424.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 282 housing units at an average density of {{convert|151.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.25% of the population.

There were 249 households, out of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 25.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $25,577, and the median income for a family was $31,167. Males had a median income of $24,000 versus $18,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,931. About 16.5% of families and 18.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.8% of those under age 18 and 23.1% of those age 65 or over.

