==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 170
|1910= 177
|1920= 177
|1930= 165
|1940= 183
|1950= 195
|1960= 215
|1970= 188
|1980= 220
|1990= 274
|2000= 278
|2010= 308
|2020= 312
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 308 people, 119 households, and 81 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|358.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|146.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 119 households, of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.9% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the city was 31.4 years. 26.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.2% were from 25 to 44; 19.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 278 people, 95 households, and 74 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|292.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|103.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.72% of the population.

There were 95 households, out of which 46.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.1% were non-families. 17.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.32.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.7% under the age of 18, 11.9% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 14.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,786, and the median income for a family was $41,667. Males had a median income of $26,705 versus $21,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,497.  About 4.8% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 41.7% of those 65 or over.

