==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 47
|1990= 88
|2000= 78
|2010= 73
|2020= 57
|estyear=2022
|estimate=53
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 29, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 29, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 21, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 73 people, 25 households, and 21 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|486.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|186.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 25 households, of which 44.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.0% were non-families. 12.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the city was 44.8 years. 31.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.8% were from 25 to 44; 39.7% were from 45 to 64; and 9.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.8% male and 45.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 78 people, 25 households, and 21 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|353.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|117.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.85% of the population.

There were 25 households, out of which 56.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 16.0% were non-families. 12.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.12 and the average family size was 3.48.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 38.5% under the age of 18, 1.3% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 29.5% from 45 to 64, and 6.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 128.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $180,508, and the median income for a family was $183,640. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $76,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $57,751. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

