==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 277
|1910= 325
|1920= 342
|1930= 344
|1940= 284
|1950= 249
|1960= 321
|1970= 294
|1980= 291
|1990= 282
|2000= 233
|2010= 260
|2020= 263
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 233 people, 100 households, and 65 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|232.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|117.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 74.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 22.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.72% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.43% of the population.

There were 100 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.0% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 20.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $29,583. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,303.  About 14.3% of families and 19.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 26.8% of those 65 or over.

