==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 450
|1910= 450
|1920= 368
|1930= 344
|1940= 391
|1950= 335
|1960= 381
|1970= 403
|1980= 421
|1990= 404
|2000= 394
|2010= 395
|2020= 369
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> Hubbardston had 395 people, 136 households, and 107 families. Its [[population density]] was {{convert|256.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 148 housing units at an average density of {{convert|96.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

Of its 136 households, 33.1% had children under the age of 18; 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together; 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present; 8.1% had a male householder with no wife present; and 21.3% were non-families. 19.9% of households were people living alone; of these, 5.9% were 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 2.87.

The village's median age was 41.8 years. 23% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were 18–24; 24.1% were 25–44; 29.1% were 45–64; and 14.9% were 65 or older. 50.9% were male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 394 people, 130 households, and 99 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|250.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|88.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 98.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.02% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.76% of the population.

There were 130 households, out of which 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.8% were non-families. 13.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,458, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $34,688 versus $21,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,690.  About 8.8% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.2% of those under age 18 and 5.8% of those age 65 or over.

