==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 318
|1970= 373
|1980= 410
|1990= 418
|2000= 456
|2010= 552
|2020= 548
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html Decennial US Census]
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 552 people, 219 households, and 205 occupied housing units in the village.

The racial makeup of the village was 90.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.6%  [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5%  [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.3% from  [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

The census of 2000 published 180 households, out of which 37.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.1% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.9% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 35.3% from 25 to 44, 17.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $50,000, and the median income for a family was $50,417. Males had a median income of $35,469 versus $30,078 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,227. About 5.9% of families and 5.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.9% of those under age 18 and 1.6% of those age 65 or over.

