==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 155
|2010= 154
|2020= 115
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 155 people, 37 households, and 33 families living in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|12.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 0.6% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 94.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 5.2% from two or more races.

There were 37 households, out of which 59.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 32.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 10.8% were non-families. 10.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.19 and the average family size was 4.52.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 45.8% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 8.4% from 45 to 64, and 6.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $6,406, and the median income for a family was $12,813. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females.{{citation needed|date=October 2021}} The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $4,702. About 42.9% of families and 53.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.3% of those under the age of 18 and 52.9% of those 65 or older.

