==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 150
|1900= 356
|1910= 293
|1920= 319
|1930= 299
|1940= 327
|1950= 275
|1960= 222
|1970= 312
|1980= 362
|1990= 493
|2000= 408
|2010= 332
|2020= 294
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2014|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014 }}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Gordon racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0130760&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 17, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|88
|29.93%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|190
|64.63%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.34%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|1
|0.34%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|12
|4.08%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|2
|0.68%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 294 people, 113 households, and 68 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 408 people, 144 households, and 108 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|125.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 165 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 74.02% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 23.04% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.74% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.72% from two or more races. 1.47% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 144 households, out of which 41.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.8% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $16,917, and the median income for a family was $17,708. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $15,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $6,795. About 30.3% of families and 39.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 48.9% of those under age 18 and 19.4% of those age 65 or over.

