==Demographics==
|2020= 4398
{{US Census population
|2000=3368
|2010=4239
|2020=4398
|float=
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<br/>2010<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Verona CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US5180864&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Verona CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US5180864&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
|align=left}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8" /> of 2010, there were 4,239 people, 1,457 households, and 984 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 605.6 people per square mile (232.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,556 housing units at an average density of 222.3/sq&nbsp;mi (85.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 1,457 households, out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 18.8% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 27.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.8 years. For every 100 females there were 131 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 138.4 males age 18 and over.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $42,109, and the median income for a family was $51,061. Males had a median income of $42,648 versus $31,955 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,439. About 10.7% of families and 15.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.3% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

