==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 434
|1940= 378
|1950= 438
|1960= 1084
|1970= 1056
|1980= 987
|1990= 924
|2000= 1009
|2010= 1107
|2020= 1355
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2020 Census===
At the 2020 census,<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Lannon_village,_Wisconsin?g=160XX00US5542450#income-and-poverty |access-date=May 1, 2024 |website=data.census.gov |archive-date=May 1, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240501210420/https://data.census.gov/profile/Lannon_village,_Wisconsin?g=160XX00US5542450#income-and-poverty |url-status=live }}</ref> there were 1,355 people, 573 households living in the village  There were 598 housing units at an average density of 249.16 per square mile (93.44/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial make-up was 87.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2 % [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], .5 % [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.3 % [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], .5 % from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] and 5.6 % from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9 % of the population.

There were 573 households, of which 21% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.1% had a female householder with no husband present. 28% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older

23.5 % of the population were under the age of 18, 59.7 % from 18 to 64, and 16.8 % were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44.3 years.

The [[median household income]] was $ 75,675 and the median family income was $ 119,688. About 5.4 % of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.9% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.

Of the population 25 years and older, 14.1% have a high school diploma or equivalent. 43% have a degree of some sort, with 12.6% having an associate degree, 25% having a bachelor’s degree, and 10.4% having a graduate or professional degree.

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012|archive-date=May 12, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150512074548/http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/08000.html|url-status=live}}</ref> there were 1,107 people, 479 households and 314 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|453.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 517 housing units at an average density of {{convert|211.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]] and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.0% of the population.

There were 479 households, of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.4% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age was 43.2 years. 21.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.4% were from 25 to 44; 33.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender make-up was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,009 people, 425 households and 282 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|413.0|/sqmi}}. There were 434 housing units at an average density of {{convert|177.7|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up was 97.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] and 0.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.59% of the population.

There were 425 households, of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.6% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.95.

22.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.2 males.

The [[median household income]] was $44,375 and the median family income was $54,107. Males had a median income of $36,250 and females $25,583. The [[per capita income]] was $21,041. About 4.4% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.7% of those under age 18 and 8.4% of those age 65 or over.

