==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 491
|1920= 577
|1930= 591
|1940= 608
|1950= 715
|1960= 1097
|1970= 1094
|1980= 1005
|1990= 1072
|2000= 1046
|2010= 1160
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census; census.gov]</ref>
|2020=989}}

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Tenaha racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4872188&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 25, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|271
|27.4%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|349
|35.29%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|0.1%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|1
|0.1%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|26
|2.63%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|341
|34.48%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''989'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 989 people, 559 households, and 394 families residing in the town.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 1,160 people, 422 households, and 287 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|268.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 475 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial and ethnic makeup of the town was 37.6% non-Hispanic [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 36.6% non-Hispanic [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 24.0% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race, and 1.9% other.

Of the 422 households, 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals living alone; 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.2% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,750, and mean household income was $31,055. Median family income was $26,154, and mean family income was $32,600. The town's [[per capita income]] was $11,600. About 33.6% of families and 35.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 46.4% of those under age 18 and 30.4% of those aged 65 or over.

