==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 325
|1930= 334
|1940= 310
|1950= 215
|1960= 198
|1970= 182
|1980= 129
|1990= 115
|2000= 86
|2010= 47
|2020= 33
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 47 people, 23 households, and 11 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|88.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|75.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.3% from two or more races.

There were 23 households, of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.2% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.55.

The median age in the town was 49.5 years. 19.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17% were from 25 to 44; 38.3% were from 45 to 64; and 19.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 55.3% male and 44.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 86 people, 39 households, and 28 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|160.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|100.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 39 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.61.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.6% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 14.0% from 25 to 44, 30.2% from 45 to 64, and 32.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,625, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $47,500 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,135. There were 13.6% of families and 24.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 37.5% of under eighteens and 17.2% of those over 64.

