==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 99
|1920= 154
|1930= 156
|1940= 130
|1950= 138
|1960= 136
|1970= 145
|1980= 143
|1990= 140
|2000= 104
|2010= 103
|2020= 19
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 103 people, 40 households, and 30 families living in the village{{Update after|2023|7|15}}. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1716.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|766.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 40 households, of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 12.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.0% were non-families. 17.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the village was 38.5 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.2% were from 25 to 44; 28.1% were from 45 to 64; and 11.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 104 people, 41 households, and 30 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,744.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|755.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.96% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.85% of the population.

There were 41 households, out of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 14.4% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 7.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $50,625. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,766. There were no families and 5.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 13.3% of those over 64.

