==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 424
|1910= 332
|1920= 257
|1930= 311
|1940= 385
|1950= 414
|1960= 420
|1970= 358
|1980= 300
|1990= 264
|2000= 280
|2010= 271
|2020= 270
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 271 people, 115 households, and 71 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1426.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 143 housing units at an average density of {{convert|752.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 115 households, of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.3% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the town was 46.9 years. 19.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 28.7% were from 45 to 64; and 23.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 280 people, 120 households, and 81 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,519.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 138 housing units at an average density of {{convert|748.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.79% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.36% of the population.

There were 120 households, out of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 22.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,886, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $28,542 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,082. About 4.7% of families and 4.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 1.7% of those 65 or over.

