==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 211
|1910= 235
|1920= 549
|1930= 558
|1940= 539
|1950= 547
|1960= 570
|1970= 546
|1980= 607
|1990= 488
|2000= 575
|2010= 713
|2020= 631
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Saluda racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3758920&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-19|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 573
| 90.81%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 17
| 2.69%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.32%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 22
| 3.49%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 17
| 2.69%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 641 people, 369 households, and 231 families residing in the city.

===2010 census===
As of the 2010 Census, there were 713 people and 493 households with 310 currently occupied, 141 seasonal/recreational/occasional use houses, and 28 for sale/rent. The [[population density]] as of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> was 369.1 people per square mile (142.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup was 95.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.66% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.28% [[American Indian and Alaska Native]], and 0.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.96% of the population.

There were 265 households, out of which 20.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.70.

The City of Saluda was 43.76% male and 56.24% female. The population was 14.59% under the age of 18. The population over 18 was spread into five categories: 2.52% from age 18 to 24, 4.91% from 25 to 34, 17.11% from 35 to 49, 25.10% from 50 to 60, and 34.90% from age 65 and older.<ref name="2010 Demographic Profile"/>

The median income for a household in the city was $39,063, and the median income for a family was $47,188. Males had a median income of $37,917 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $25,149. About 3.8% of families and 4.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.4% of those under age 18 and 6.1% of those age 65 or over.

