==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 155
|1920= 177
|1930= 207
|1940= 231
|1950= 244
|1960= 252
|1970= 301
|1980= 257
|1990= 297
|2000= 287
|2010= 248
|2020= 241
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 248 people, 95 households, and 65 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|248.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|111.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 95 households, of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.6% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.25.

The median age in the village was 34.6 years. 30.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 22.2% were from 45 to 64; and 12.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.6% male and 54.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 287 people, 102 households, and 79 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|290.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|107.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 96.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.97% of the population.

There were 102 households, out of which 43.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.5% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.8% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,188, and the median income for a family was $36,094. Males had a median income of $26,964 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,977.  None of the families and 3.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.8% of those over 64.

