==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 4986
|1910= 3162
|1920= 1777
|1930= 1291
|1940= 1784
|1950= 684
|1960= 434
|1970= 258
|1980= 265
|1990= 258
|2000= 445
|2010= 397
|2020 =379
}}

As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 397 people, 212 households, and 103 families residing in the city.<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=December 19, 2019 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> The population density was {{convert|1,635.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 360 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,323.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 91.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.8% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.8% of the population.{{citation needed|date=May 2013}}

There were 212 households, out of which 12.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.4% were non-families. 16.5% of all households had individuals under 18, and 19.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.87 and the average family size was 2.55.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.6% under the age of 19, 4.8% from 20 to 24, 20.6% from 25 to 44, 47.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 49.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $17,019 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,242.  About 14.0% of families and 18.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.7% of those under age 18 and 5.0% of those age 65 or over.{{citation needed|date=May 2013}}

