==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 268
|1940= 356
|1950= 460
|1960= 643
|1970= 809
|1980= 892
|1990= 928
|2000= 1678
|2010= 2245
|2020= 2421
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], the village of Belgium had a population of 2,421.<ref>{{Cite web |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALSF12020.P1?q=Belgium+village,+Wisconsin |title=P1. Race – 2020: DECENNIALSF12020 - Decennial Census - Census Bureau Table |access-date=2025-07-18 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref> The population density was 1,044.2 inhabitants per square mile (403.2/km²). There were 865 housing units.<ref>{{Cite web |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALSF12020.H1?q=Belgium+village,+Wisconsin |title=H1. Occupancy Status – 2020: DECENNIALSF12020 - Decennial Census - Census Bureau Table |access-date=2025-07-18 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref> The racial makeup of the village in 2020 was 94.48% [[White people|White]] (non-Hispanic), 0.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]], 0.18% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]], 0.89% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander]], 0.94% [[Some Other Race]], and 3.14% from [[Multiracial|two or more races]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race constituted 5.21% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALSF12020.P2?q=Belgium+village,+Wisconsin |title=P2. Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DECENNIALSF12020 - Decennial Census - Census Bureau Table |access-date=2025-07-18 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref> The median age in the village was 47.1 years. Females comprised 53.6% of the population and males 46.4%.<ref>{{Cite web |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2023.S0101?q=Belgium+village,+Wisconsin |title=S0101. Age and Sex – 2023: ACSST5Y2023 - American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates - Census Bureau Table |access-date=2025-07-18 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,245 people, 817 households, and 608 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|927.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 848 housing units at an average density of {{convert|350.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.2% of the population.

There were 817 households, of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.6% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the village was 35 years. 29.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 33.8% were from 25 to 44; 23.5% were from 45 to 64; and 8.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,678 people, 582 households, and 444 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,163.0 people per square mile (449.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 592 housing units at an average density of 410.3 per square mile (158.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 96.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]], 0.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.13% from two or more races. 4.11% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.
There were 1582 households, out of which 44.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.7% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.31.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.8% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 36.1% from 25 to 44, 16.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $53,523, and the median income for a family was $59,375. Males had a median income of $40,152 versus $25,609 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,659. About 1.8% of families and 2.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.8% of those under age 18 and 6.0% of those age 65 or over.

