==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 843
|2010= 743
|2020= 1005
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+North Topsail Beach racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3747845&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 913
| 90.85%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 12
| 1.19%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 5
| 0.5%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.2%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 32
| 3.18%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 41
| 4.08%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,005 people, 482 households, and 233 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 843 people, 451 households, and 242 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|131.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,085 housing units at an average density of {{convert|324.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.83% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.83% of the population.

There were 451 households, out of which 9.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.3% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.87 and the average family size was 2.37.

In the city the population was spread out, with 9.4% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 33.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $45,982, and the median income for a family was $53,125. Males had a median income of $36,522 versus $30,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $33,972. About 5.5% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of those under age 18 and 4.4% of those age 65 or over.

