==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 293
|1900= 204
|1910= 261
|1920= 269
|1930= 337
|1940= 352
|1950= 345
|1960= 344
|1970= 354
|1980= 458
|1990= 535
|2000= 565
|2010= 601
|2020= 496
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|website=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Hickory Flat racial composition''' <br /> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US1266725&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=March 5, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>{{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|402
|81.05%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|85
|17.14%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|3
|0.6%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|6
|1.21%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''496'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 496 people, 234 households, and 146 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 565 people, 221&nbsp;households, and 161&nbsp;families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|611.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 242 housing units at an average density of {{convert|261.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.71% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.18% of the population.

There were 221 households, out of which 37.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.1% were non-families. 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.2% under the age of 18, 12.4% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 17.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 78.8&nbsp;males. For every 100&nbsp;females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 76.2&nbsp;males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,141, and the median income for a family was $30,385. Males had a median income of $27,321 versus $18,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,392. About 18.4% of families and 17.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.2% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age&nbsp;65 or over.

