==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 315
|1900= 347
|1910= 681
|1920= 946
|1930= 858
|1940= 1220
|1950= 1255
|1960= 1045
|1970= 1113
|1980= 1103
|1990= 875
|2000= 873
|2010= 781
|2020= 647
}}
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 873 people, 357 households and 234 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,212.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 396 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,003.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 61.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 31.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 90.26% of the population.

There were 357 households, of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.8% were married couples living together, 20.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.09.

28.8% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

The [[median household income]] was $19,205 and the median family income was $23,162. Males had a median income of $25,417 compared with $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,047. About 26.4% of families and 29.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.3% of those under age 18 and 22.5% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear|left}}

