==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1947
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,386 people, 572 households, and 407 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|667.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 589 housing units at an average density of {{convert|283.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.36% of the population.

There were 572 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.7% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $34,352, and the median income for a family was $40,096. Males had a median income of $32,933 versus $21,490 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,202. About 2.0% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.2% of those under age 18 and 9.1% of those age 65 or over.

