==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 378
|1860= 315
|1870= 315
|1880= 287
|1890= 264
|1900= 346
|1910= 345
|1920= 235
|1930= 201
|1940= 209
|1950= 181
|1960= 207
|1970= 212
|1980= 212
|1990= 208
|2000= 170
|2010= 184
|2020= 168
|estyear=2023
|estimate=166
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 184 people, 71 households, and 50 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1|abbr=}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|506.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.2% of the population.

There were 71 households, of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.6% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.18.

The median age in the village was 34 years. 25.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.4% were from 25 to 44; 22.3% were from 45 to 64; and 19% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 170 people, 72 households, and 43 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,139.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|522.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.59% of the population.

There were 72 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 34.1% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 112.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,844, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $29,286 versus $22,045 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,535. None of the families and 5.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 11.5% of those over 64.

