==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 410
|1890= 378
|1900= 509
|1910= 532
|1920= 498
|1930= 452
|1940= 476
|1950= 474
|1960= 616
|1970= 688
|1980= 826
|1990= 823
|2000= 871
|2010= 986
|2020= 989
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="Census 2020" />
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 986 people, 439 households, and 279 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1120.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 454 housing units at an average density of {{convert|515.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 439 households, of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the village was 39.8 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 18% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 871 people, 377 households, and 245 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,511.6 people per square mile (579.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 401 housing units at an average density of 695.9 per square mile (266.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial composition of the village was 99.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.11% from two or more races. 0.11% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 377 households, of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were composed of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 21.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $34,853, and the median income for a family was $49,688. Males had a median income of $28,646 versus $22,159 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,763. About 1.7% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.5% of those younger than age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.

