==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 25
| 1910 = 551
| 1920 = 576
| 1930 = 512
| 1940 = 559
| 1950 = 582
| 1960 = 594
| 1970 = 585
| 1980 = 741
| 1990 = 676
| 2000 = 765
| 2010 = 725
| 2020 = 780
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 725 people, 316 households, and 174 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|473.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 377 housing units at an average density of {{convert|246.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.8% of the population.

There were 316 households, of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.9% were non-families. 42.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the village was 49.4 years. 19.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 32.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.0% male and 55.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 765 people, 312 households, and 186 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 580.1 people per square mile (223.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 339 housing units at an average density of 257.0 per square mile (99.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.78% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.92% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.22% of the population.

There were 312 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.1% were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 26.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,655, and the median income for a family was $37,361. Males had a median income of $32,188 versus $20,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,887. About 4.2% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.1% of those under age 18 and 12.8% of those age 65 or over.

