==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 354
|1970= 400
|1980= 399
|1990= 272
|2000= 330
|2010= 289
|2020= 288
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 12, 2013}}</ref><br/>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 289 people, 113 households, and 90 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1700.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|694.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 113 households, of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.4% were non-families. 18.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the city was 52.2 years. 19.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.5% were from 25 to 44; 34.7% were from 45 to 64; and 26% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 330 people, 124 households, and 105 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,752.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|663.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.91% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.30% of the population.

There were 124 households, out of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 82.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.3% were non-families. 14.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 27.6% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $59,583, and the median income for a family was $104,063. Males had a median income of $65,625 versus $50,972 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $25,778.  None of the families and 0.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

