==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 155
|1980= 285
|1990= 400
|2000= 749
|2010= 591
|2020= 444
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Big Delta first appeared on the 1950 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village.<ref>{{cite web |title=Number of Inhabitants - Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/41601749v2p51-54ch2.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1950}}</ref> It did not appear again until 1980 when it was made a census-designated place (CDP).<ref>{{cite web |title=Characteristics of the Populations - Number of Inhabitants - Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1980a_akABCD-01.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=May 1982}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 749 people, 165 households, and 117 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|13.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 232 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.46% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.13% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.47% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.53% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 2.40% from two or more races.  2.54% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 165 households, out of which 39.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.5% were non-families. 21.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.18 and the average family size was 3.90.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 36.3% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 6.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $49,000, and the median income for a family was $53,125. Males had a median income of $32,250 versus $37,708 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,803.  About 7.9% of families and 30.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.9% of those under age 18 and 16.0% of those age 65 or over.

