==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 172
|1910= 312
|1920= 356
|1930= 279
|1940= 265
|1950= 278
|1960= 247
|1970= 227
|1980= 241
|1990= 194
|2000= 190
|2010= 174
|2020= 159
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 174 people, 81 households, and 48 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|644.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|414.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 81 households, of which 24.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.7% were non-families. 38.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the town was 47 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.9% were from 45 to 64; and 27% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 190 people, 88 households, and 52 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|705.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|367.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 88 households, out of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.9% were non-families. 40.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 14.2% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 18.9% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 33.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,583, and the median income for a family was $40,938. Males had a median income of $33,125 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,598. About 4.9% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 15.2% of those 65 or over.

