==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 111
|1910= 305
|1920= 209
|1930= 238
|1940= 268
|1950= 314
|1960= 281
|1970= 298
|1980= 307
|1990= 267
|2000= 236
|2010= 224
|2020= 211
|estyear=2023
|estimate=209
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 224 people, 97 households, and 64 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|746.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|340.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 97 households, of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.0% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age in the village was 41.8 years. 20.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 33.1% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.9% male and 45.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 236 people, 98 households, and 76 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|794.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|350.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.97% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.36% of the population.

There were 98 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.4% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 101.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,292, and the median income for a family was $35,938. Males had a median income of $44,063 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,440. About 11.3% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.3% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

