==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 150
|1930= 126
|1940= 125
|1950= 67
|1960= 106
|1970= 113
|1980= 165
|1990= 192
|2000= 186
|2010= 154
|2020= 181
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 154 people, 68 households, and 41 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|905.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|464.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.2% of the population.

There were 68 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.7% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 43 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 29.8% were from 45 to 64; and 18.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 186 people, 75 households, and 48 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,075.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|445.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.54% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 75 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.7% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.56.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 27.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 124.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.8 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $42,143, and the median income for a family was $58,125. Males had a median income of $27,159 versus $30,893 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,782. None of the families and 1.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

