==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 168
|1910= 234
|1920= 276
|1930= 274
|1940= 311
|1950= 477
|1960= 246
|1970= 301
|1980= 1110
|1990= 916
|2000= 950
|2010= 1000
|2020= 914
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2014|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014 }}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 950 people, 375 households, and 265 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|106.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 404 housing units at an average density of {{convert|45.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 80.63% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 16.32% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.63% from two or more races. 0.42% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="GR2" />

There were 375 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.03.<ref name="GR2" />

The town's population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.8 males.
Beaver creek was the main road in the community. Star Island convent is also a main attraction for visitors. 
The town is historically known for the large sinkhole that appeared in 1892. The event caused the deaths of 17 people. 
The median income for a household in the town was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $34,306. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $21,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,498. About 6.8% of families and 11.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.9% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="GR2" />

