==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 281
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 317 people, 106 households, and 76 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|187.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 124 housing units at an average density of {{convert|73.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 22.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 25.55% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 16.40% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 34.38% from two or more races.  11.99% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 106 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.4% were non-families. 22.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.99 and the average family size was 3.49.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years.  For every 100 females, there were 101.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $22,353 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,623.  14.9% of the population and 11.0% of families were below the [[poverty line]].  Out of the total population, 23.6% of those under the age of 18 and 20.8% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

