==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 144
|1930= 156
|1940= 134
|1950= 115
|1960= 100
|1970= 86
|1980= 69
|1990= 74
|2000= 80
|2010= 67
|2020= 42
|estyear=2021
|estimate=43
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 67 people, 29 households, and 17 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|515.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|284.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 29 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.4% were non-families. 41.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the village was 43.5 years. 26.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.5% were from 25 to 44; 32.8% were from 45 to 64; and 13.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 59.7% male and 40.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 80 people, 35 households, and 17 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|855.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|460.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.25% of the population.

There were 35 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.6% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.8% under the age of 18, 35.0% from 25 to 44, 12.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.8 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $13,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,018. There were no families and 2.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

