==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1940= 144
|1950= 185
|1960= 221
|1970= 325
|1980= 371
|1990= 470
|2000= 644
|2010= 639
|2020= 704
|2023= 705
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

Kipnuk first appeared on the 1940 U.S. Census as an unincorporated Native village. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) as of the 1980 census.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 644 people, 137 households, and 122 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|33.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 154 housing units at an average density of {{convert|7.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.58% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.40% from two or more races, and 2.02% [[Race (United States Census)|white]].

There were 137 households, out of which 64.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.7% were married couples living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 10.9% were non-families. 10.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 4.70 and the average family size was 5.04.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 45.3% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 13.2% from 45 to 64, and 5.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 130.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $34,375, and the median income for a family was $35,714. Males had a median income of $29,167 versus $23,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,589.  About 21.5% of families and 20.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.7% of those under age 18 and 19.2% of those age 65 or over.

