==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 260
|2010= 304
|2020= 265
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results|title=Data Center Results}}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 61.8%
|-
| Spoke [[Tewa language|Tewa]] at home || 20.6%
|-
| Spoke [[Hopi language|Hopi]] at home || 17.7%
|}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 260 people, 74 households, and 44 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|28.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|11.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 7.7% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 89.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 2.3% from two or more races.  1.9% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 74 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.2% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.56.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 35.8% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 3.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 124.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 135.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $35,694, and the median income for a family was $36,111. Males had a median income of $28,889 versus $35,272 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,619.  About 10.5% of families and 23.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.6% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

