==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 653
|2000= 558
|2010= 531
|2020= 596
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=July 9, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 558 people, 214 households, and 181 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|386.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 232 housing units at an average density of {{convert|160.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.08% of the population.

There were 214 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 81.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.0% were non-families. 13.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 13.3% from 25 to 44, 42.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $161,571, and the median income for a family was $183,800. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $46,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $85,094. About 3.3% of families and 4.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.5% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

