==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 708
| 1910 = 665
| 1920 = 761
| 1930 = 651
| 1940 = 776
| 1950 = 956
| 1960 = 1041
| 1970 = 1036
| 1980 = 1124
| 1990 = 969
| 2000 = 1079
| 2010 = 1026
| 2020 = 1058
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,026 people, 464 households, and 259 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|369.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 520 housing units at an average density of {{convert|187.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 464 households, of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.2% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 44.1 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 21.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,079 people, 468 households, and 287 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 381.9 people per square mile (147.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 502 housing units at an average density of 177.7 per square mile (68.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 99.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.11% of the population.

There were 468 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,917, and the median income for a family was $43,438. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $22,132 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,841. About 5.7% of families and 9.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.1% of those under age 18 and 11.1% of those age 65 or over.

