==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 170
|1920= 247
|1930= 237
|1940= 239
|1950= 242
|1960= 260
|1970= 237
|1980= 216
|1990= 187
|2000= 197
|2010= 167
|2020= 133
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 167 people, 80 households, and 50 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|439.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 80 households, of which 17.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.5% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.56.

The median age in the city was 51.8 years. 14.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.4% were from 25 to 44; 40.2% were from 45 to 64; and 22.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.5% male and 45.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 197 people, 83 households, and 52 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|521.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 92 housing units at an average density of {{convert|243.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.02% from two or more races.

There were 83 households, out of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.3% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 17.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 121.2 males.

