==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 172
|2000= 250
|2010= 228
|2020= 212
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 228 people, 117 households, and 76 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|316.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 245 housing units at an average density of {{convert|340.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 117 households, of which 13.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.0% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.37.

The median age in the village was 60.1 years. 11.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 7.9% were from 25 to 44; 39% were from 45 to 64; and 38.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 250 people, 120 households, and 84 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|349.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 215 housing units at an average density of {{convert|300.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.20% of the population.

There were 120 households, out of which 15.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.2% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.45.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 13.2% under the age of 18, 1.6% from 18 to 24, 16.8% from 25 to 44, 36.8% from 45 to 64, and 31.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 60.1 years according to city-data.com. For every 100 females, there were 98.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,813, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $29,286 versus $19,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,267. About 9.0% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.3% of those 65 or over.

