==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 197
|1920= 565
|1930= 589
|1940= 413
|1950= 417
|1960= 383
|1970= 357
|1980= 425
|1990= 406
|2000= 483
|2010= 405
|2020= 437
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
|}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 405 people, 162 households, and 112 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,384.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 196 housing units at an average density of {{convert|558.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7%  [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5%  [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 13.8% from  [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 25.2% of the population.

There were 162 households, out of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.9% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.5 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.1% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 34.0% from 25 to 44, 16.6% from 45 to 64, and 9.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,294, and the median income for a family was $32,143. Males had a median income of $30,156 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,115. About 13.1% of families and 20.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.2% of those under age 18 and 16.7% of those age 65 or over.{{clear left}}

