==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 276
|1920= 367
|1930= 327
|1940= 273
|1950= 272
|1960= 236
|1970= 232
|1980= 193
|1990= 167
|2000= 153
|2010= 117
|2020= 105
|estyear=2022
|estimate=100
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 24, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 24, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 117 people, 65 households, and 36 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|307.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|223.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.9% from two or more races.

There were 65 households, of which 13.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.6% were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.80 and the average family size was 2.25.

The median age in the city was 53.9 years. 11.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.6% were from 25 to 44; 36.7% were from 45 to 64; and 29.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 153 people, 74 households, and 40 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|407.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 95 housing units at an average density of {{convert|253.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.65% from two or more races.

There were 74 households, out of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.9% were non-families. 43.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 2.6% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 26.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,500, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $21,000 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,342. About 10.5% of families and 14.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.1% of those 65 or over.

