==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 177
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2011-05-14 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 203 people, 77 households, and 63 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|212.34|/sqmi|/km2}}. There were 101 housing units at an average density of {{convert|105.65|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.0% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]], 2.5% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|African American]], and 0.5% from two or more races.

There were 77 households, out of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.2% were non-families. 11.7% of all households were made up of individuals living alone, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under 18, 3.9% from 20 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 30.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 or older. The median age was 44.9 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $88,906, and the median income for a family was $88,906. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $40,536.

