==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 311
|1930= 273
|1940= 249
|1950= 346
|1960= 210
|1970= 192
|1980= 180
|1990= 181
|2000= 180
|2010= 181
|2020= 172
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 180 people, 93 households, and 54 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|565.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|332.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 95.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.22% of the population.

There were 93 households, out of which 16.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.9% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.51.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 16.1% under the age of 18, 1.7% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 26.7% from 45 to 64, and 29.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females there were 106.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,583, and the median income for a family was $32,083. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $12,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,806.  About 7.8% of families and 13.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.9% of those 65 or over.-->{{clear left}}

