==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 170 people, 72 households, and 45 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 109.0 people per square mile (42.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 74 housing units at an average density of 47.5/sq&nbsp;mi (18.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.94% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.94% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 5.29% of the population.

There were 72 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 34.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 135.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $48,571, and the median income for a family was $50,625. Males had a median income of $22,344 versus $17,321 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $24,971. None of the families and 2.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.2% of those over 64.

