==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 272
| 1920 = 1495
| 1930 = 1544
| 1940 = 1459
| 1950 = 1253
| 1960 = 1276
| 1970 = 1159
| 1980 = 1249
| 1990 = 1263
| 2000 = 1230
| 2010 = 1133
| 2020 = 916
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 879
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Dierks racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0518970&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 30, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 793
| 86.57%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 5
| 0.55%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 19
| 2.07%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 32
| 3.49%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 67
| 7.31%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 916 people, 376 households, and 213 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,230 people, 465 households, and 349 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|660.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 542 housing units at an average density of {{convert|290.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.93% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.57% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.14% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 1.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.81% from two or more races.  1.95% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 465 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.9% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.1% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,900, and the median income for a family was $31,667. Males had a median income of $26,765 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,515.  About 9.8% of families and 12.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.5% of those under age 18 and 22.1% of those age 65 or over.

