==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 206
|1880= 441
|1900= 489
|1910= 782
|1920= 724
|1930= 697
|1940= 992
|1950= 1669
|1960= 1957
|1970= 1741
|1980= 1339
|1990= 1216
|2000= 1100
|2010= 797
|2020= 952
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,100 people, 439 households, and 281 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|408.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 566 housing units at an average density of {{convert|210.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.09% [[White American|White]], 0.64% [[African American]], 0.64% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian American|Asian]], 0.09% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#Race|other races]], and 0.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics or Latinos]] of any race were 0.82% of the population.

There were 439 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.09.

The age distribution was 26.2% under 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,792, and the median income for a family was $35,139. Males had a median income of $23,611 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,381. About 15.9% of families and 20.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.3% of those under age 18 and 15.1% of those age 65 or over.

