==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 399
|1920= 322
|1930= 197
|1940= 193
|1950= 162
|1960= 159
|1970= 93
|1980= 51
|1990= 33
|2000= 20
|2010= 26
|2020= 20
|estyear=2022
|estimate=15
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 14, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 14, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 23, 2013 }}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 26 people in 14 households, including 6 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|53.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 18 housing units at an average density of {{convert|36.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 96.2% White and 3.8% Native American. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.8%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 14, 2012}}</ref>

Of the 14 households 7.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.6% were married couples living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 57.1% were non-families. 50.0% of households were one person and 7.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.86 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age was 46 years. 15.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.7% were from 25 to 44; 42.2% were from 45 to 64; and 7.7% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 20 people in 14 households, including 6 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|41.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 21 housing units at an average density of {{convert|43.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 100.00% White. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.00% of the population.

Of the 14 households none had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.7% were married couples living together, and 57.1% were non-families. 57.1% of households were one person and 7.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.43 and the average family size was 2.00.

The age distribution was 5.0% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 45.0% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% 65 or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 122.2 males.

The median household income was $7,917 and the median family income was $20,625. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The per capita income for the city was $5,408. There are 33.3% of families living below the [[poverty line]] and 69.2% of the population, including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

