==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1840= 131
|1850= 227
|1860= 329
|1870= 286
|1880= 389
|1890= 382
|1900= 351
|1910= 283
|1920= 232
|1930= 256
|1940= 290
|1950= 343
|1960= 401
|1970= 453
|1980= 513
|1990= 486
|2000= 378
|2010= 403
|2020= 353
|estyear=2021
|estimate=349
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 378 people, 148 households, and 97 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,160.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 166 housing units at an average density of {{convert|509.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 99.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.26% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.53% of the population.

There were 148 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $37,813. Males had a median income of $29,250 versus $25,156 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $14,830. About 17.6% of families and 17.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.2% of those under age 18 and 51.4% of those age 65 or over.

