==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 401
|2000= 623
|2010= 725
|2020= 606
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Pleasant Valley first appeared on the 1990 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 623 people, 219 households, and 162 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|7.9|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 246 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3.1|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.96% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 4.82% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 2.09% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.32% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.65% from two or more races.  [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.57% of the population.

There were 219 households, out of which 41.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.6% were non-families. 19.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.29.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 31.0% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 30.8% from 45 to 64, and 2.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 109.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $49,464, and the median income for a family was $41,719. Males had a median income of $50,750 versus $22,969 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,633. About 10.1% of families and 7.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

