==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 883
|1900= 1132
|1910= 1300
|1920= 1337
|1930= 1279
|1940= 1700
|1950= 1948
|1960= 2102
|1970= 2029
|1980= 1969
|1990= 1615
|2000= 1619
|2010= 1424
|2020= 1460
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1426
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=September 1, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 1, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 23, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,424 people, 655 households, and 370 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|791.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 834 housing units at an average density of {{convert|463.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 655 households, of which 21.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.5% were non-families. 39.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the city was 49.5 years. 20.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 31.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,619 people, 747 households, and 434 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|909.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 907 housing units at an average density of {{convert|509.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.42% of the population.

There were 747 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.8% were non-families. 39.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.4% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 20.7% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 32.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,219, and the median income for a family was $41,827. Males had a median income of $30,313 versus $19,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,181. About 7.2% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.7% of those under age 18 and 12.6% of those age 65 or over.

