==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 146
|1950= 150
|1960= 169
|1970= 255
|1980= 205
|1990= 177
|2000= 190
|2010= 167
|2020= 175
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 190 people, 74 households, and 58 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|905.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|390.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.58% from two or more races.

There were 74 households, out of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 77.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.3% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 2.1% from 18 to 24, 16.8% from 25 to 44, 31.6% from 45 to 64, and 23.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was in excess of $200,000, as was the median income for a family. Males had a median income over $100,000 versus $14,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $134,745. None of the families and none of the population were below the [[poverty line]].

