==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 175
|1930= 269
|1940= 148
|1950= 181
|1960= 164
|1970= 129
|1980= 122
|1990= 108
|2000= 111
|2010= 81
|2020= 56
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 111 people, 40 households, and 31 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|365.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|164.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 86.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.90% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 7.21% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.41% from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 36.94% of the population.

There were 40 households, out of which 42.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.5% were non-families. 22.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 34.2% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 15.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years.  For every 100 females, there were 105.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $24,375. Males had a median income of $16,250 versus $25,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,816.  About 32.4% of families and 42.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 60.5% of those under the age of 18 and 5.9% of those 65 and older.{{clear left}}

