==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 679
|1920= 918
|1930= 1110
|1940= 1411
|1950= 1738
|1960= 1569
|1970= 1275
|1980= 1479
|1990= 1213
|2000= 862
|2010= 997
|2020= 718
|estyear=2021
|estimate=700
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 997 people, 400 households, and 279 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1384.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 447 housing units at an average density of {{convert|620.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 400 households, of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.3% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the town was 39.4 years. 25.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.4% male and 53.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 862 people, 368 households, and 241 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,143.8 inhabitants per square mile (443.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 408 housing units at an average density of 541.4 per square mile (210.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.93% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.23% of the population.

There were 368 households, out of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,250, and the median income for a family was $27,604. Males had a median income of $27,361 versus $22,222 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,911. About 23.2% of families and 22.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.1% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

