==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 328
|1880= 314
|1890= 301
|1900= 308
|1910= 314
|1920= 408
|1930= 403
|1940= 474
|1950= 513
|1960= 540
|1970= 559
|1980= 582
|1990= 582
|2000= 478
|2010= 562
|2020= 531
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
ACS 1-year estimates are not available for 2020. ACS Experimental Data for 2020 will be available by November 30, 2021. As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 531 people living in the village. There were 232 housing units.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/all?q=Jeromesville%20village,%20Ohio%20Populations%20and%20People&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P1|title=Jeromesville village, Ohio Profile|accessdate=October 21, 2021}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 562 people, 208 households, and 154 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1561.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 234 housing units at an average density of {{convert|650.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 208 households, of which 41.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.0% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.14.

The median age in the village was 33.3 years. 32.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 10.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 478 people, 202 households, and 128 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,309.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 210 housing units at an average density of {{convert|575.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.42% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.30% of the population.

There were 202 households, out of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,000, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $31,576 versus $21,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,864. About 2.3% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.4% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.

