==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1980 = 439
| 1990 = 485
| 2000 = 353
| 2010 = 403
| 2020 = 370
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Millsap, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Millsap%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 21, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 353 people, 135 households, and 103 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|268.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 154 housing units at an average density of {{convert|117.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.65% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.03% of the population.

There were 135 households, out of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.7% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,694, and the median income for a family was $43,229. Males had a median income of $30,714 versus $19,821 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,699. About 4.4% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.1% of those under age 18 and 13.8% of those age 65 or over.

