==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 824
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the U.S. 2010 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 1046 people, 334 households, and 284 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|307.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 62.8% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.67% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 33.7% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.88% from two or more races.  83.9% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 334 households, out of which 146 had children under the age of 18 living with them.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 40.5% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 11% from 25 to 34, 15.8% from 35 to 49, 15% from 50 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The population of Naco, by 2010 census estimates, is 48.7% male, 51.3% female.

According to the 2000 census, the median income for a household in the CDP was $22,045, and the median income for a family was $25,227. Males had a median income of $21,923 versus $15,882 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,169. About 33.0% of families and 34.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 46.1% of those under age 18 and 25.4% of those age 65 or over.

