==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 360
|1860= 394
|1870= 342
|1880= 359
|1890= 281
|1900= 312
|1910= 314
|1920= 290
|1930= 300
|1940= 328
|1950= 305
|1960= 288
|1970= 271
|1980= 325
|1990= 245
|2000= 316
|2010= 338
|2020= 330
|estyear=2021
|estimate=327
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 316 people, 129 households, and 91 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|793.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 148 housing units at an average density of {{convert|371.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.27% from two or more races. 0.32% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 129 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.7% were non-families. Of all households 24.8% were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 88.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $36,563, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $27,386 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,303. 5.8% of the population and 2.5% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, none of those under the age of 18 and 13.1% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

