==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 287
|1890= 670
|1900= 929
|1910= 717
|1920= 802
|1930= 551
|1940= 703
|1950= 640
|1960= 625
|1970= 741
|1980= 673
|1990= 642
|2000= 642
|2010= 592
|2020= 512
|estyear=2022
|estimate=504
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 22, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 22, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=May 29, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 592 people, 237 households, and 156 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|768.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 279 housing units at an average density of {{convert|362.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.1% [[European American]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 237 households, of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.2% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.17.

The median age in the city was 40.6 years. 26.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 29.9% were from 45 to 64; and 14.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 642 people, 250 households, and 177 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|843.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 274 housing units at an average density of {{convert|359.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.57% [[European American]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.47% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.56% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.87% of the population.

There were 250 households, out of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.8% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.4% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $55,536, and the median income for a family was $59,722. Males had a median income of $35,250 versus $26,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,278. About 4.5% of families and 7.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of those under age 18 and 8.2% of those age 65 or over.{{Citation needed|date=December 2019}}

