==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 289
|1890= 441
|1900= 846
|1910= 931
|1920= 976
|1930= 1004
|1940= 1201
|1950= 1333
|1960= 1384
|1970= 1309
|1980= 1372
|1990= 1326
|2000= 1195
|2010= 1042
|2020= 1005
|estyear=2022
|estimate=989
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 25, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 25, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,042 people, 487 households, and 274 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|681.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 547 housing units at an average density of {{convert|357.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 487 households, of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.7% were non-families. 38.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the city was 48.4 years. 20.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.9% were from 25 to 44; 34.3% were from 45 to 64; and 20.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,195 people, 499 households, and 303 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|773.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 530 housing units at an average density of {{convert|343.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.59% of the population.

There were 499 households, out of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 35.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,092, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $31,063 versus $23,056 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,700. About 4.8% of families and 8.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.7% of those under age 18 and 12.5% of those age 65 or over.

