==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 502
|1900= 346
|1910= 253
|1920= 271
|1930= 289
|1940= 326
|1950= 304
|1960= 320
|1970= 378
|1980= 298
|1990= 244
|2000= 271
|2010= 206
|2020= 226
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 206 people, 82 households, and 55 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|858.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|387.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 83.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 13.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 29.6% of the population.

There were 82 households, of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.9% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the village was 40.4 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.7% were from 25 to 44; 23.4% were from 45 to 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 271 people, 97 households, and 67 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,135.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|435.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 71.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 22.88% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 32.47% of the population.

There were 97 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.43.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.0% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 17.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 124.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,333, and the median income for a family was $50,625. Males had a median income of $30,375 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,349. About 5.6% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.9% of those 65 or over.

