==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 232
| 1890 = 237
| 1920 = 199
| 1930 = 184
| 1940 = 213
| 1950 = 176
| 1960 = 167
| 1970 = 195
| 1980 = 206
| 1990 = 200
| 2000 = 250
| 2010 = 253
| 2020 = 274
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 253 people, 92 households, and 69 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|766.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|315.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 4.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 92 households, of which 40.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 12.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.0% were non-families. 16.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 30.4 years. 28.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.1% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 9.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.4% male and 46.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 250 people, 89 households, and 66 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 743.6 people per square mile (283.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 99 housing units at an average density of 294.5 per square mile (112.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]]. 1.60% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 89 households, out of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.8% were non-families. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.0% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 33.2% from 25 to 44, 16.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,438, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $22,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,874. About 15.2% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 31.8% of those 65 or over.

