==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1980= 76
|1990= 78
|2000= 68
|2010= 73
|2020= 56
|estyear=2022
|estimate=56
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 29, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 29, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 22, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 73 people, 25 households, and 21 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1825.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|650.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 25 households, of which 44.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 16.0% were non-families. 12.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.14.

The median age in the city was 41.8 years. 32.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 38.3% were from 45 to 64; and 2.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 68 people, 20 households and 19 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,253.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 20 housing units at an average density of {{convert|368.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 20 households, of which 65.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 95.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 5.0% were non-families. 5.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.40 and the average family size was 3.53.

Age distribution was 35.3% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 32.4% from 45 to 64. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $75,000, and the median family income was $75,000. Males had a median income of $41,786 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,334. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

