==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 274
| 1910 = 296
| 1920 = 562
| 1930 = 559
| 1940 = 601
| 1950 = 624
| 1960 = 501
| 1970 = 547
| 1980 = 474
| 1990 = 417
| 2000 = 496
| 2010 = 711
| 2020 = 692
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 711 people, 191 households, and 131 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|711|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 218 housing units at an average density of {{convert|218|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 61.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 35.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[American Indian and Alaska Native(U.S. Census)|American Indian and Alaska Native]], 1.81% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 191 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 20, 11.4% from 10 to 24, 34.4% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 189 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 214 males.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, the median income for a household in the city was $19,063, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $17,143 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,346. About 14.4% of families and 25.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.3% of those under age 18 and 30.9% of those age 65 or over.

