==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 295
|1930= 388
|1940= 417
|1950= 429
|1960= 433
|1970= 396
|1980= 496
|1990= 394
|2000= 687
|2010= 753
|2020= 803
|estyear=2019
|estimate=821
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 753 people, 254 households, and 187 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2035.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 272 housing units at an average density of {{convert|735.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 45.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 52.0% of the population.

There were 254 households, of which 44.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.4% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.96 and the average family size was 3.56.

The median age in the city was 31.2 years. 33.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.7% were from 25 to 44; 20.8% were from 45 to 64; and 12% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 687 people, 238 households, and 172 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|2,099.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 270 housing units at an average density of {{convert|825.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 83.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.87% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 13.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 26.64% of the population.

There were 238 households, out of which 41.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.7% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.89 and the average family size was 3.53.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 34.2% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 17.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,596, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $30,132 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,215.  About 24.1% of families and 29.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.7% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.

