==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 364
|1890= 350
|1900= 744
|1910= 820
|1920= 727
|1930= 711
|1940= 791
|1950= 990
|1960= 1037
|1970= 1105
|1980= 1205
|1990= 1169
|2000= 1330
|2010= 1371
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=1441}}

===2020 census===
As of the census of 2020, there were 1,441 people living in the city.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,371 people, 584 households, and 343 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|841.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 668 housing units at an average density of {{convert|409.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 584 households, of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.3% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 36.5 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.5% were from 25 to 44; 24% were from 45 to 64; and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,330 people, 530 households, and 324 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|796.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 570 housing units at an average density of {{convert|341.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.35% of the population.

There were 530 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 17.2% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,500, and the median income for a family was $52,656. Males had a median income of $34,886 versus $22,969 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,886. About 5.6% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.8% of those under age 18 and 12.6% of those age 65 or over.

