==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 191
|1930= 260
|1940= 140
|1950= 164
|1960= 160
|1970= 123
|1980= 120
|1990= 133
|2000= 150
|2010= 192
|2020= 139
|estyear=2022
|estimate=139
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=March 1, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=March 1, 2024}}</ref> {{same}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 139 people, 61 households, and 42 families living in the town.<ref>{{Cite web|title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: Household Type |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Castlewood%20city,%20South%20Dakota%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=March 1, 2024 |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> There were 73 housing units.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 192 people, 66 households, and 47 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|738.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|280.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.8% of the population.

There were 66 households, of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.8% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.91 and the average family size was 3.43.

The median age in the town was 39.5 years. 31.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.6% male and 47.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 150 people, 64 households, and 41 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|624.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|274.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.67% of the population.

There were 64 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.0% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 20.7% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,500, and the median income for a family was $34,688. Males had a median income of $35,417 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,882. There were 6.4% of families and 9.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 10.6% of under eighteens and 16.7% of those over 64.

