==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 401
|1940= 742
|1950= 583
|1960= 310
|1970= 244
|1980= 197
|1990= 164
|2000= 120
|2010= 93
|2020= 98
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 120 people, 60 households, and 33 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|120.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|86.5|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 70.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 25.83% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 77.50% of the population.

There were 60 households, out of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.0% were non-families. 41.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 17.5% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 31.7% from 45 to 64, and 26.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $32,917. Males had a median income of $19,167 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,915. There were 14.6% of families and 21.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 41.4% of under eighteens and 22.2% of those over 64.

