==Demographics==
{{More citations needed section|date=March 2022}}
{{US Census population
|1900= 120
|1910= 185
|1920= 211
|1930= 186
|1940= 237
|1950= 229
|1960= 213
|1970= 226
|1980= 203
|1990= 152
|2000= 113
|2010= 168
|2020= 126
|estyear=2021
|estimate=126
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{same}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013|url-status=dead|df=dmy-all}}</ref>
}}

According to the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 113 people, 55 households, and 37 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|991.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 64 housing units at an average density of {{convert|561.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 100% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 55 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.49.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 15.9% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 30.1% from 45 to 64, and 22.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females there were 88.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.9 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $30,625, and the median income for a family was $37,917. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $25,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,642. There were 6.1% of families and 7.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of those under 18 and 7.1% of those over 64.

Volant is surrounded by farms of the New Wilmington Amish settlement which had 19 congregation i.e. about 2,500 people in 2013.<ref name="kb.osu.edu"/>

