==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 115
|1900= 115
|1910= 140
|1920= 153
|1930= 102
|1940= 151
|1950= 118
|1960= 92
|1970= 59
|1980= 96
|1990= 83
|2000= 93
|2010= 58
|2020= 61
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 58 people, 24 households, and 18 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|148.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 25 housing units at an average density of {{convert|64.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 24 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 38.5 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 93 people, 33 households, and 26 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|237.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|86.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 33 households, out of which 42.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.2% were non-families. 15.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.2% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 15.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,250. There were 10.0% of families and 4.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

