==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 426
|1910= 839
|1920= 1373
|1930= 1274
|1940= 1502
|1950= 1831
|1960= 2401
|1970= 3012
|1980= 3412
|1990= 3342
|2000= 3301
|2010= 3236
|2020= 3195
|estyear=2024
|estimate=2891
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,236 people, 1,394 households, and 887 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1294.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,520 housing units at an average density of {{convert|608.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 1,394 households, of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 44.7 years. 20.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 22.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,301 people, 1,329 households, and 886 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,415.9 people per square mile (547.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,394 housing units at an average density of 597.9 per square mile (231.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.03% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.91% from two or more races. 0.58% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,329 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $43,180, and the median income for a family was $48,173. Males had a median income of $35,932 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,911. About 1.2% of families and 3.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.2% of those under age 18 and 6.2% of those age 65 or over.

