==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 133
|1890= 159
|1900= 163
|1910= 219
|1920= 263
|1930= 292
|1940= 341
|1950= 421
|1960= 267
|1970= 265
|1980= 358
|1990= 261
|2000= 340
|2010= 268
|2020= 264
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 340 people, 132 households, and 102 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|462.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|189.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 50.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 48.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.18% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] or more races.

There were 132 households, out of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.7% were non-families. 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,438, and the median income for a family was $29,375. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $19,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,455. About 23.2% of families and 22.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.5% of those under age 18 and 37.5% of those age 65 or over.

