==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 397
|1910= 423
|1920= 329
|1930= 359
|1940= 317
|1950= 226
|1960= 149
|1970= 162
|1980= 145
|1990= 71
|2000= 100
|2010= 62
|2020= 41
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 62 people, 36 households, and 17 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|269.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|234.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 36 households, of which 8.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.8% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.72 and the average family size was 2.41.

The median age in the city was 60.5 years. 6.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 33.9% were from 45 to 64; and 38.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.5% male and 43.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 100 people, 46 households, and 28 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|419.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|230.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 46 households, out of which 17.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.61.

In the town the population was spread out, with 16.0% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 15.0% from 25 to 44, 38.0% from 45 to 64, and 24.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females there were 81.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 71.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $25,000. Males had a median income of $50,833 versus $27,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,126. There were 15.4% of families and 18.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 80.0% of under eighteens and 9.1% of those over 64.

