==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 255
|1920= 281
|1930= 179
|1940= 233
|1950= 141
|1960= 91
|1970= 102
|1980= 132
|1990= 121
|2000= 124
|2010= 96
|2020= 77
|estyear=2021
|estimate=76
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 24, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 24, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 96 people, 43 households, and 26 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|97.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|49.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 43 households, of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.5% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the city was 40.5 years. 18.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 13.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.2% male and 45.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 124 people, 50 households, and 33 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|123.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|49.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.81% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.81% of the population.

There were 50 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 33.1% from 25 to 44, 17.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $42,813. Males had a median income of $30,500 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,290. There were 12.9% of families and 12.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of under eighteens and 11.5% of those over 64.

