==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 905
|2020= 982
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

Start first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusLA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - Louisiana |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-20.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240402175429/https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-20.pdf| archive-date=April 2, 2024}}</ref> 

===2020 census===
As of the census of 2020, there were 982 people living in the CPD, for a population density of 279.0 people per square mile (107.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 426 housing units. The racial makeup of the CPD was 90.3% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 6.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.8% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 2.7% from two or more races. 1.3% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Start CPD, Louisiana - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Start_CDP,_Louisiana?g=160XX00US2273010 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=23 January 2024}}</ref>

There were 555 households, out of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 29.9% had a female householder with no spouse present. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.66, and the average family size was 2.04.<ref name="2020 census"/>

12.0% of the CPD's population were under the age of 18, 72.8% were 18 to 64, and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47.5. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a family in the CPD was $66,667. About 31.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 44.1% of those under age 18 and 45.7% of those age 65 or over. About 46.7% of the population were employed, and 20.4% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

