==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 68
|1890= 390
|1900= 590
|1910= 1065
|1920= 965
|1930= 933
|1940= 715
|1950= 824
|1960= 792
|1970= 952
|1980= 962
|1990= 825
|2000= 861
|2010= 760
|2020= 735
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 760 people, 332 households, and 214 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1055.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 360 housing units at an average density of {{convert|500.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.6% of the population.

There were 332 households, of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.5% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 42.8 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 30.4% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 861 people, 343 households, and 243 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,215.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 373 housing units at an average density of {{convert|526.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.58% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.93% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.02% of the population.

There were 343 households, out of which 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.9% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $36,597, and the median income for a family was $45,893. Males had a median income of $30,982 versus $20,446 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,577. About 7.6% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.5% of those under age 18 and 1.7% of those age 65 or over.

