==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1890= 165
|1900= 146
|1910= 176
|1920= 248
|1930= 197
|1940= 196
|1950= 193
|1960= 168
|1970= 183
|1980= 160
|1990= 136
|2000= 137
|2010= 130
|2020= 85
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 130 people, 53 households, and 28 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|520.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|260.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.2% of the population.

There were 53 households, of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.2% were non-families. 41.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.57.

The median age in the city was 41 years. 30% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 23.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 137 people, 62 households, and 39 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 220.4/km{{sup|2}} (562.8/sq. mi.). There were 74 housing units at an average density of 119.0/km{{sup|2}} (304.0/sq. mi.). The racial makeup of the city was 95.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.92% from two or more races.<ref>[https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2000/phc-3-18.pdf U.S. Census Bureau - 2000 Census, Population and Housing Unit Counts for Kansas]</ref><ref>[https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-18.pdf U.S. Census Bureau - 1990 Census, Population and Housing Unit Counts for Kansas]</ref>

There were 62 households, out of which 21.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was [[United States dollar|US$]]35,833, and the median income for a family was $38,125. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,240. There were 7.1% of families and 11.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 19.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

