==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 129
|1930= 138
|1940= 145
|1950= 138
|1960= 118
|1970= 124
|1980= 151
|1990= 116
|2000= 138
|2010= 112
|2020= 108
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 112 people, 46 households, and 30 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1244.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|644.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.5% of the population.

There were 46 households, of which 39.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.8% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the village was 37 years. 31.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 138 people, 57 households, and 44 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,452.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|684.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.97% of the population.

There were 57 households, out of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.1% were non-families. 17.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 22.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $26,389 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,268. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

