==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 367
| 1910 = 274
| 1920 = 250
| 1930 = 296
| 1940 = 283
| 1950 = 257
| 1960 = 247
| 1970 = 233
| 1980 = 273
| 1990 = 249
| 2000 = 272
| 2010 = 260
| 2020 = 243
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 260 people, 111 households, and 71 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|124.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|60.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 111 households, of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.0% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the village was 40.3 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.4% were from 25 to 44; 22.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 272 people, 114 households, and 79 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 130.2 people per square mile (50.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 127 housing units at an average density of 60.8 per square mile (23.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.57% from two or more races. 1.10% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 114 households, out of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.7% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 118.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,542, and the median income for a family was $30,833. Males had a median income of $26,094 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,203. About 7.5% of families and 15.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.1% of those 65 or over.

