==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 188
| 1960 = 247
| 1970 = 233
| 1980 = 224
| 1990 = 188
| 2000 = 169
| 2010 = 161
| 2020 = 896
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 161 people, 69 households, and 51 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|700.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|317.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 69 households, of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.1% were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age in the village was 43.8 years. 16.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 32.9% were from 45 to 64; and 16.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 169 people, 66 households, and 51 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 719.9 people per square mile (283.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 66 housing units at an average density of 281.1 per square mile (110.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 92.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.78% of the population.

There were 66 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.7% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 134.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 140.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $47,500. Males had a median income of $33,281 versus $26,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,822. None of the families and 1.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including those who are under eighteens and 5.6% of those who are over 64.

