==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 337
|1890= 574
|1900= 584
|1910= 555
|1920= 668
|1930= 685
|1940= 690
|1950= 584
|1960= 584
|1970= 549
|1980= 511
|1990= 449
|2000= 395
|2010= 324
|2020= 264
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 395 people, 189 households, and 109 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|989.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 213 housing units at an average density of {{convert|533.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.25% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.01% of the population.

There were 189 households, out of which 22.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.3% were non-families. 39.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.0% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 21.0% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 24.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $17,813, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $17,396 versus $15,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,561. About 24.1% of families and 29.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.5% of those under age 18 and 33.7% of those age 65 or over.

