==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 593
|1910= 660
|1920= 597
|1930= 656
|1940= 640
|1950= 639
|1960= 580
|1970= 650
|1980= 685
|1990= 465
|2000= 448
|2010= 539
|2020= 568
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="census.gov">U.S. Census Bureau, 2020 census results, Tannersville village. https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?q=Tannersville%2C+New+York&page=1&stateGeo=none&searchtype=web&cssp=SERP&_charset_=UTF-8</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 448 people, 216 households, and 114 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|402.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 505 housing units at an average density of {{convert|453.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.89% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.67% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.12% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.90% of the population.

There were 216 households, out of which 20.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.8% were non-families. 40.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 29.5% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,500, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $27,708 versus $27,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,318. About 10.7% of families and 18.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.2% of those under age 18 and 10.4% of those age 65 or over.

