==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 852
|1920= 1754
|1930= 4908
|1940= 5302
|1950= 5306
|1960= 6114
|1970= 6673
|1980= 6130
|1990= 5443
|2000= 5466
|2010= 5486
|2020= 5752
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 5,466 people, 1,862 households, and 1,504 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|4,121.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,909 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,439.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.80% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.06% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.79% from two or more races. 4.63% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,862 households, out of which 43.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.2% were non-families. 17.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.32.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.9% under the age of 19, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.8 males.

The average household income in the village was $253,261, and the median income for a family was $154,865.<ref>[https://www.census.gov United States Census]</ref> Males had a median income of $93,054 versus $52,424 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $61,104. 4.3% of the population and 3.1% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 5.8% of those under the age of 18 and 2.7% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

