==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1980= 527
|1990= 434
|2000= 583
|2010= 597
|2020= 489
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Natchez racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2253510&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 15
| 3.07%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 456
| 93.25%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 12
| 2.45%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 6
| 1.23%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 489 people, 253 households, and 130 families residing in the village.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 583 people, 227 households, and 140 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|542.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 264 housing units at an average density of {{convert|245.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 4.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 91.94% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.03% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.03% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.20% of the population.

There were 227 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 29.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 26.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.3% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.42.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.9% under the age of 18, 11.0% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 8.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $16,786, and the median income for a family was $19,643. Men had a median income of $20,938 versus $13,167 for Women. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $7,625. About 31.5% of families and 39.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 47.2% of those under age 18 and 58.1% of those age 65 or over.

