==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 146
|1910= 198
|1920= 230
|1930= 241
|1940= 232
|1950= 200
|1960= 178
|1970= 302
|1980= 295
|1990= 317
|2000= 520
|2010= 464
|2020= 446
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses }}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 520 people, 191 households, and 141 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|434.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 207 housing units at an average density of {{convert|172.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 82.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.42% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.73% of the population.

There were 191 households, out of which 40.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.7% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.2% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,333, and the median income for a family was $30,714. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $21,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,663. About 15.0% of families and 18.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.4% of those under age 18 and 12.5% of those age 65 or over.

