==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1890 = 570
| 1900 = 831
| 1910 = 750
| 1920 = 727
| 1930 = 581
| 1970 = 647
| 1980 = 735
| 1990 = 1007
| 2000 = 876
| 2010 = 801
| 2020 = 816
| estyear = 2024
| estimate = 833
|estref={{increase}}
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2014|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

Note: From the 1940 Census until 1970, Gurley ceased to appear on the census rolls. This was likely due to either disincorporation or loss/lapse of its charter in the 1930s. At some point in the 1960s, it was reincorporated. Gurley had a estimated population of 833 people in 2024.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Gurley, Alabama Population 2024 |url=https://worldpopulationreview.com/us-cities/gurley-al-population |access-date=2024-06-28 |website=worldpopulationreview.com}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 876 people, 346 households, and 241 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|313.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 379 housing units at an average density of {{convert|135.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 81.85% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 15.41% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.46% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.37% from two or more races. 2.05% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 346 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,831, and the median income for a family was $26,875. Males had a median income of $31,146 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,271. About 23.4% of families and 21.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.3% of those under age 18 and 31.1% of those age 65 or over.

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Gurley racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0132440&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-17|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|636
|77.94%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|71
|8.7%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|9
|1.1%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|8
|0.98%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|76
|9.31%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|16
|1.96%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 816 people, 253 households, and 153 families residing in the town.

