==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 147
|1950= 590
|1960= 446
|1970= 370
|1980= 327
|1990= 289
|2000= 294
|2010= 276
|2020= 262
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 251
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 276 people, 103 households, and 74 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|265.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|109.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.8% of the population.

There were 103 households, of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.2% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the village was 32.8 years. 26.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.1% were from 25 to 44; 21.8% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.0% male and 54.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 294 people, 109 households, and 84 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|325.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|125.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.70% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.42% of the population.

There were 109 households, out of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.9% were non-families. 20.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 97.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $55,000, and the median income for a family was $55,375. Males had a median income of $40,714 versus $27,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $22,180. About 1.1% of families and 3.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.6% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

