==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1870 = 288
| 1880 = 216
| 1890 = 745
| 1900 = 622
| 1910 = 569
| 1920 = 825
| 1930 = 952
| 1940 = 1007
| 1950 = 1065
| 1960 = 1249
| 1970 = 1425
| 1980 = 1497
| 1990 = 1640
| 2000 = 2033
| 2010 = 2133
| 2020 = 2208
| estyear = 
| estimate = 
| estref = 
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]],<ref name="2020-census-5570550">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: St. Croix Falls city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5570550&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=July 25, 2022}}</ref> the population was 2,208. The population density was {{convert|442.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|225.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 3.9% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 1.9% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the 2010 census,<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder2.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref>  there were 2,133 people, 967 households, and 522 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|456.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,088 housing units at an average density of {{convert|233.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 967 households, of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were married couples living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.0% were non-families. 40.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 44.3 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 21.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.9% male and 55.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,033 people, 872 households, and 504 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|607.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 926 housing units at an average density of {{convert|276.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.49% from two or more races. 1.33% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 872 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were married couples living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.1% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $39,350, and the median income for a family was $54,063. Males had a median income of $40,185 versus $25,341 for females. The per capita income for the city was $21,384. About 2.9% of families and 5.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.4% of those under age 18 and 10.9% of those age 65 or over.

