==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 139
|1940= 111
|1950= 70
|1960= 75
|1970= 58
|1980= 41
|1990= 64
|2000= 44
|2010= 37
|2020= 37
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 37 people, 16 households, and 11 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|246.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|180.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 8.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.1% of the population.

There were 16 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.3% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.64.

The median age in the city was 50.3 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.9% were from 25 to 44; 40.5% were from 45 to 64; and 13.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.8% male and 43.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 44 people, 18 households, and 12 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|301.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|184.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.27% of the population.

There were 18 households, out of which 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 31.8% from 45 to 64, and 6.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 128.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $45,625, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,031. There were no families and 2.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

