==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 214
|1920= 86
|1930= 209
|1940= 173
|1950= 162
|1960= 139
|1970= 162
|1980= 167
|1990= 103
|2000= 79
|2010= 91
|2020= 59
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 79 people, 32 households, and 20 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|140.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|63.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 79.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 15.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 2.53% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]].

There were 32 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.0% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 34.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,417, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $27,917 versus $13,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,095. There were 22.2% of families and 17.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 35.7% of those over 64.{{clear left}}

