==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 1132
|1970= 1285
|1980= 1536
|1990= 1499
|2000= 1484
|2010= 1801
|2020= 1882
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Surgoinsville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4772380&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 27, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,783
| 94.74%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 3
| 0.16%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 3
| 0.16%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 8
| 0.43%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 53
| 2.82%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 32
| 1.7%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,882 people, 808 households, and 617 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,484 people, 614 households, and 453 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|367.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were an estimated 674 housing units at an average density of {{convert|166.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.55% of the population.

There were 614 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.1% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the town, the population were spread as such: 21.5% were under the age of 18, 6.9% were from ages 18 to 24, 27.6% varied from ages 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age were 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,391, and the median income for a family was $41,055. Males had a median income of $32,969 versus $20,739 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,015. Additionally, about 5.6% of families and 9.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.5% of those under age 18 and 12.2% of those age 65 or over.

===Points of interest===

Located just east of Surgoinsville is [[Fudge Farm]], a historical [[farmhouse]] dating back to circa 1815. The town also has a [[Lustron house]], which is one of the remaining few that are southern style. The Bellamy Store is a former [[hardware store|hardware]] and [[general store]] that was built in the early 20th century. The building now serves as a [[bluegrass music|bluegrass]] concert venue.<ref name="Ferrell2009_93">{{cite book|author=Rodney L. Ferrell|title=Hawkins County|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=_j01RKonbmcC&pg=PA130|access-date=January 30, 2012|date=September 7, 2009|publisher=Arcadia Publishing|isbn=978-0-7385-6780-8|page=93}}</ref>

