==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 236
|1940= 357
|1950= 426
|1960= 587
|1970= 496
|1980= 545
|1990= 384
|2000= 467
|2010= 458
|2020= 460
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 458 people, 202 households, and 113 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1017.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 244 housing units at an average density of {{convert|542.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.66% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.09% of the population.

There were 202 households, of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.1% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the city was 44 years. 22.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 31.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 467 people, 210 households, and 120 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,047.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 232 housing units at an average density of {{convert|520.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.21% of the population.

There were 210 households, out of which 25.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.4% were non-families. 40.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city the population was spread out, with 25.1% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $15,714, and the median income for a family was $19,250. Males had a median income of $21,000 versus $15,481 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,594. About 24.8% of families and 28.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.3% of those under age 18 and 34.2% of those age 65 or over.

