==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 273
|1900= 205
|1910= 200
|1920= 320
|1930= 431
|1940= 613
|1950= 777
|1960= 758
|1970= 695
|1980= 780
|1990= 914
|2000= 797
|2010= 721
|2020= 495
|estyear=2021
|estimate=482
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 721 people, 313 households, and 173 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1287.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 398 housing units at an average density of {{convert|710.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 313 households, of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.7% were non-families. 40.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the town was 55.5 years. 14.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 36.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 44.2% male and 55.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 797 people, 362 households, and 222 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,582.0 inhabitants per square mile (615.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 424 housing units at an average density of 841.6 per square mile (327.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.01% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], .13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.38% of the population.

There were 362 households, out of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.4% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 24.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,125, and the median income for a family was $40,500. Males had a median income of $23,839 versus $18,056 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,609. About 6.0% of families and 11.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.3% of those under age 18 and 6.0% of those age 65 or over.

