==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 396
|1880= 426
|1890= 414
|1900= 430
|1910= 446
|1920= 512
|1930= 503
|1940= 529
|1950= 707
|1960= 738
|1970= 788
|1980= 799
|1990= 757
|2000= 1303
|2010= 1396
|2020= 1441
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
The town is also the location of the New Windsor Conference Center, owned by the [[Church of the Brethren]], along with a gift shop selling crafts made by the poor in developing nations.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,396 people, 526 households, and 364 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1886.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 566 housing units at an average density of {{convert|764.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 526 households, of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.8% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the town was 37.6 years. 27.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.5% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,303 people, 491 households, and 369 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,833.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 522 housing units at an average density of {{convert|734.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.84% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.92% of the population.

There were 491 households, out of which 40.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.8% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.4% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 34.8% from 25 to 44, 16.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $51,779, and the median income for a family was $55,972. Males had a median income of $40,403 versus $27,986 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,090. About 3.3% of families and 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.0% of those under age 18 and 3.7% of those age 65 or over.

