==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 132
|1940= 170
|1950= 237
|1960= 356
|1970= 691
|1980= 1992
|1990= 2471
|2000= 2523
|2010= 2549
|2020= 2862
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,549 people, 949 households, and 792 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|777.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 987 housing units at an average density of {{convert|300.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 949 households, of which 37.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 16.5% were non-families. 12.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the village was 43.1 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 36.7% were from 45 to 64; and 9.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,523 people, 846 households, and 731 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,033.4 people per square mile (399.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 863 housing units at an average density of 353.5 per square mile (136.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.03% of the population.

There were 846 households, out of which 46.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.5% were non-families. 10.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.3% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 29.2% from 45 to 64, and 4.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $75,000, and the median income for a family was $77,468. Males had a median income of $50,609 versus $35,268 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $26,712. None of the families and 0.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

