==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 300
|1920= 359
|1930= 261
|1940= 285
|1950= 316
|1960= 331
|1970= 316
|1980= 266
|1990= 231
|2000= 260
|2010= 208
|2020= 211
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 25, 2014}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US5376440|title=Washtucna town, Washington|author=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 23, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 208 people, 97 households, and 62 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|301.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|182.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 97 households, of which 18.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.1% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the town was 51.6 years. 17.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.4% were from 25 to 44; 37.5% were from 45 to 64; and 25% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 57.2% male and 42.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 260 people, 110 households, and 72 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|484.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|247.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.92% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] and 1.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.23% of the population.

There were 110 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 28.5% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 28.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,688, and the median income for a family was $45,000. Males had a median income of $31,964 versus $33,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,487. About 16.2% of families and 20.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.9% of those 65 or over.

