==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 188
|1930= 223
|1940= 252
|1950= 226
|1960= 157
|1970= 142
|1980= 146
|1990= 96
|2000= 123
|2010= 90
|2020= 72
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 6, 2012|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 90 people, 44 households, and 24 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|391.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|239.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.8% of the population.

There were 44 households, of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.5% were non-families. 40.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the city was 52.3 years. 15.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.3% were from 25 to 44; 44.4% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=July 9, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 123 people, 53 households, and 34 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|543.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|265.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.88% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.69% of the population.

There were 53 households, out of which 18.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 34.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 27.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,083, and the median income for a family was $38,125. Males had a median income of $30,313 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,287. There were 6.5% of families and 13.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 36.4% of those over 64.

