==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1980= 539
|1990= 451
|2000= 437
|2010= 385
|2020= 289
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref> 2020<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web|title=2020 Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1721605|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1721605 |access-date=June 28, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 289 people, 153 households, and 83 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|144.86|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|80.70|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 82.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 9.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.77% of the population.

There were 153 households, out of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.75% were married couples living together, 2.61% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.75% were non-families. 33.33% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.57% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.33 and the average family size was 2.80.

The village's age distribution consisted of 26.8% under the age of 18, 1.4% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,875, and the median income for a family was $48,194. Males had a median income of $34,554 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,811. About 8.4% of families and 27.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.7% of those under age 18 and 2.4% of those age 65 or over.

