==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 157
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 131 people, 40 households, and 31 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|297.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|97.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 43.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.63% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 6.87% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 25.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 14.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 77.86% of the population.

There were 40 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.5% were non-families. 12.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.28 and the average family size was 3.74.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 7.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,143, and the median income for a family was $32,143. Males had a median income of $0 versus $15,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,723. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

