==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 880
|2010= 699
|2020= 672
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 880 people, 209 households, and 169 families living in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|305.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 228 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], and no [[Race (United States Census)|Black]]/[[Race (United States Census)|African American]], [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], or two or more races.  0.7% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 209 households, out of which 41.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 29.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.1% were non-families. 16.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 4.21 and the average family size was 4.64.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 40.7% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 4.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $15,208, and the median income for a family was $20,000. Males had a median income of $14,125 versus $16,034 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $4,772.  About 44.0% of families and 53.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 57.1% of those under age 18 and 72.5% of those age 65 or over.

