==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 291
|1940= 314
|1950= 311
|1960= 291
|1970= 375
|1980= 449
|1990= 436
|2000= 400
|2010= 440
|2020= 379
|estyear=2024
|estimate=377
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Converse racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2217215&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 310
| 81.79%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 10
| 2.64%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 36
| 9.5%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 17
| 4.49%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 6
| 1.58%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 379 people, 125 households, and 84 families residing in the village.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 400 people, 166 households, and 111 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|187.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 202 housing units at an average density of {{convert|94.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 79.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 7.75% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.00% of the population.

There were 166 households, out of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,250, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $31,058 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,180. About 23.1% of families and 29.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 52.5% of those under age 18 and 23.1% of those age 65 or over.

