==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 335
| 1930 = 382
| 1940 = 437
| 1950 = 364
| 1960 = 337
| 1970 = 377
| 1980 = 410
| 1990 = 414
| 2000 = 402
| 2010 = 413
| 2020 = 345
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 348
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 402 people, 163 households, and 106 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|114.1|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=on}}. There were 185 housing units at an average density of {{convert|52.5|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.52% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.50% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.49% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 2.49% from two or more races. 1.24% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 163 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,412, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $18,438 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,447. About 22.6% of families and 25.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 44.7% of those under age 18 and 16.7% of those age 65 or over.

