==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 199
|1880= 174
|1890= 107
|1900= 174
|1910= 166
|1920= 187
|1930= 192
|1940= 170
|1950= 138
|1960= 127
|1970= 97
|1980= 112
|1990= 89
|2000= 113
|2010= 76
|2020= 70
|estyear=2023
|estimate=68
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010">{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (DP-1): Graysville village, Ohio |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=June 1, 2012 }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 76 people, 34 households, and 25 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|75.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|37.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 89.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 10.5% from two or more races.

There were 34 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.5% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.64.

The median age in the village was 48 years. 18.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 39.4% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 113 people, 41 households, and 33 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|113.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|45.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.77% of the population.

There were 41 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.5% were non-families. 14.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.1% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 17.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 109.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,286, and the median income for a family was $24,643. Males had a median income of $32,000 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $9,810. There were 13.9% of families and 28.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 38.0% of under eighteens and 10.5% of those over 64.

