==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 433
|1930= 475
|1940= 719
|1950= 904
|1960= 738
|1970= 663
|1980= 620
|1990= 439
|2000= 410
|2010= 332
|2020= 399
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 census,<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 332 people, 176 households and 87 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|319.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 266 housing units at an average density of {{convert|255.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 176 households, of which 17.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.8% were married couples living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.6% were non-families. 45.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.82 and the average family size was 2.52.

The median age was 54 years. 15.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.3% were from 25 to 44; 34.2% were from 45 to 64; and 31.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 410 people, 195 households and 109 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|391.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 287 housing units at an average density of {{convert|274.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.49% of the population.

There were 195 households, of which 21.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.6% were non-families. 42.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.73.

21.7% of the population were under the age of 18, 2.4% from 18 to 24, 21.7% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 30.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females there were 85.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.3 males.

The [[median household income]] was $19,432 and the median family income was $27,750. Males had a median income of $22,656 and females $18,125. The [[per capita income]] $13,667. About 7.1% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.5% of those under age 18 and 15.0% of those age 65 or over.

