==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1890 = 528
| 1900 = 928
| 1910 = 882
| 1920 = 816
| 1930 = 637
| 1940 = 590
| 1950 = 576
| 1960 = 474
| 1970 = 447
| 1980 = 444
| 1990 = 346
| 2000 = 420
| 2010 = 422
| 2020 = 395
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 24, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 422 people, 166 households, and 123 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|405.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 196 housing units at an average density of {{convert|188.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 166 households, of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.9% were non-families. 19.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the town was 44.4 years. 25.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.6% were from 25 to 44; 30.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 420 people, 172 households, and 127 families living in the town. The population density was 404.2 people per square mile (155.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 194 housing units at an average density of 186.7 per square mile (72.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.95% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.95% of the population.

There were 172 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.5% were married couples living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.6% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 25.7% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 26.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,094, and the median income for a family was $42,813. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $30,714 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,159. About 9.0% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.2% of those under age 18 and 4.3% of those age 65 or over.

