==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910 = 570
|1920 = 796
|1930 = 807
|1940 = 1211
|1950 = 1319
|1960 = 1337
|1970 = 1290
|1980 = 1481
|1990 = 1394
|2000 = 1818
|2010 = 1911
|2020 = 2172
|estyear = 2023
|estimate = 2270
|estref={{increase}}
|footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 2,172 people, 806 households, and 554 families in Afton.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Afton%20town,%20Wyoming%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 489.3 per square mile (188.9/km{{sup|2}}). There were 899 housing units at an average density of 202.5 per square mile (78.2/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Afton%20town,%20Wyoming%20dp1 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |last= |first= |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=December 30, 2023 |website=[[Census.gov]]}}</ref> The racial makeup was 90.29% (1,961) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (88.26% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.41% (9) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 1.24% (27) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.87% (19) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% (1) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 2.49% (54) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.65% (101) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Afton%20town,%20Wyoming%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 5.48% (119) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Afton%20town,%20Wyoming%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 806 households, 36.0% had children under the age of 18; 56.2% were married couples living together; 24.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 28.0% of households consisted of individuals and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.5 and the average family size was 3.4.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Afton%20town,%20Wyoming%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 14.4% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Afton%20town,%20Wyoming%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

30.3% of the population was under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.1 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 111.0 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $46,000 (with a margin of error of +/- $14,925) and the median family income was $75,759 (+/- $9,396).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Afton%20town,%20Wyoming%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $34,632 (+/- $14,409) versus $31,125 (+/- $16,138) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $33,625 (+/- $10,786).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Afton%20town,%20Wyoming%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 5.9% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.7% of those under the age of 18 and 3.4% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Afton%20town,%20Wyoming%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Afton%20town,%20Wyoming%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 1,911 people, 703 households, and 496 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|457.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 855 housing units at an average density of {{convert|204.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the town was 94.1% White, 0.2% African American, 0.7% Native American, 0.2% Asian, 2.6% from other races, and 2.2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.2%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 14, 2012}}</ref>

Of the 703 households 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.2% were married couples living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.4% were non-families. 26.2% of households were one person and 10.6% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.26.

The median age in the town was 33 years. 32% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 23% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

