==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 557
|1890= 2018
|1900= 1307
|1910= 1397
|1920= 1635
|1930= 1844
|1940= 1947
|1950= 1919
|1960= 1678
|1970= 2600
|1980= 2726
|1990= 2938
|2000= 2866
|2010= 3306
|2020= 3414
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,866 people, 1,068 households, and 809 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 559.2 people per square mile (215.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,151 housing units at an average density of 224.6 per square mile (86.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 80.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 16.92% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.74% of the population.

There were 1,068 households, out of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.2% were non-families. 21.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 89.2 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 87.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $49,655, and the median income for a family was $56,932. Males had a median income of $40,071 versus $24,702 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $23,232. About 1.7% of families and 2.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.9% of those under age 18 and 2.6% of those age 65 or over.

