==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 483
|1900= 414
|1910= 349
|1920= 215
|1930= 213
|1940= 275
|1950= 358
|1960= 441
|1970= 385
|1980= 457
|1990= 425
|2000= 389
|2010= 417
|2020= 312
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 417 people, 159 households, and 112 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|412.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 179 housing units at an average density of {{convert|177.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.0% of the population.

There were 159 households, of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.6% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the village was 38.9 years. 27.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.1% were from 25 to 44; 30.9% were from 45 to 64; and 11.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.6% male and 48.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 389 people, 131 households, and 102 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|382.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 141 housing units at an average density of {{convert|138.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.77% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.03% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.43% of the population.

There were 131 households, out of which 43.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.4% were non-families. 18.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.97 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 103.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,281, and the median income for a family was $40,469. Males had a median income of $38,438 versus $23,906 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,276. About 12.1% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.4% of those under age 18 and 11.1% of those age 65 or over.

