==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 315
|2010= 300
|2020= 301
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Cedar Rock racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3711352&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 21, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 284
| 94.35%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.33%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 8
| 2.66%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 8
| 2.66%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 301 people, 109 households, and 86 families residing in the village.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 315 people, 123 households, and 110 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|283.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|113.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.32% of the population.

There were 123 households, out of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 87.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 9.8% were non-families. 9.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 15.9% from 25 to 44, 41.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $116,686, and the median income for a family was $128,975. Males had a median income of $90,950 versus $40,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $66,022. None of the families and 0.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

