==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 573
|1940= 533
|1950= 645
|1960= 660
|1970= 725
|1980= 862
|1990= 913
|2000= 1043
|2010= 1086
|2020= 1100
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,086 people, 454 households, and 295 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|282.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 494 housing units at an average density of {{convert|128.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 454 households, of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.0% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the village was 36.9 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.7% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,043 people, 424 households and 268 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 269.0 per square mile (103.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 446 housing units at an average density of 115.0 per square mile (44.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.77% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.38% of the population.

There were 424 households, of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.08.

29.4% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.8 males.

The [[median household income]] was $31,250, and the median family income was $36,389. Males had a median income of $30,270 versus $20,921 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,674. About 11.9% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.5% of those under age 18 and 14.3% of those age 65 or over.

