==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1840= 981
|1850= 1428
|1860= 2001
|1870= 4037
|1880= 3653
|1890= 5616
|1900= 6820
|1910= 8329
|1920= 9361
|1930= 9950
|1940= 9630
|1950= 9535
|1960= 8397
|1970= 7637
|1980= 7364
|1990= 6854
|2000= 6641
|2010= 6025
|2020= 5729
|estyear=2021
|estimate=5653
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |website=Census.gov |publisher=US Census Bureau |access-date=July 19, 2022}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web |title = Census of Population and Housing|url = https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url = https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title = U.S. Census website }}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title = Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url = https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url = https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013 }}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 6,025 people, 2,434 households, and 1,550 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|6,450.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,615 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,912.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 84% White, 10.7% African American, 0.30% Native American, 0.10% Asian, 0.10% from other races, and 4.8% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 2,631 households, out of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.5% were married couples living together, 21.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40% were non-families. 36% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $25,932, and the median income for a family was $31,538. Males had a median income of $27,297 versus $21,618 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $13,475. About 15.3% of families and 16.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.1% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those age 65 or over.

