==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 301
|1980= 614
|1990= 498
|2000= 603
|2010= 607
|2020= 627
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|df=}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 603 people, 230 households, and 180 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|277.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 254 housing units at an average density of {{convert|116.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.99% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.66% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.00% of the population.

There were 230 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.7% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,000, and the median income for a family was $41,042. Males had a median income of $33,125 versus $25,139 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,415. About 13.1% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.8% of those under age 18 and 19.3% of those age 65 or over.

