==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 388
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 352 people, 78 households, and 69 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|45.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of 10.5/sq&nbsp;mi (4.0/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was  97.73% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.28% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.70% of the population.

There were 78 households, out of which 60.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.5% were non-families. 10.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.51 and the average family size was 4.84.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 47.2% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 14.2% from 45 to 64, and 3.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 20 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 118.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $29,167, and the median income for a family was $37,917. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $40,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,453. About 30.0% of families and 25.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.1% of those under age 18 and 57.1% of those age 65 or over.

