==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 761
|1870= 1077
|1880= 1480
|1890= 1920
|1900= 2133
|1910= 3326
|1920= 4024
|1930= 4548
|1940= 4645
|1950= 4948
|1960= 5598
|1970= 7437
|1980= 7650
|1990= 7749
|2000= 7589
|2010= 7891
|2020= 7892
|estyear=2021
|estimate=8162
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/downingtownboroughpennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

At the 2010 census, the borough was 76.0% non-Hispanic White, 12.0% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 2.7% Asian, 0.1% Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, and 3.2% were two or more races. 7.2% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>{{Cite web |url=https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |title=Census 2010: Pennsylvania |website=[[USA Today]] |access-date=2017-08-26 |archive-date=2012-02-15 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20120215053518/http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |url-status=dead }}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 7,589 people, 3,059 households, and 1,853 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,473.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,197 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,463.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 83.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.79% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.53% of the population.

Downingtown has a large population of residents that have Italian ancestry. The burough has two different Italian American organizations and is listed as one of the Italian-American strongholds in the U.S.{{Citation needed|date=July 2011}}

There were 3,059 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.4% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.09.

The borough's population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 32.6% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 89.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.4 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $45,979, and the median income for a family was $53,468. Males had a median income of $38,893 versus $29,284 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $21,634. About 3.0% of families and 4.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.2% of those under age 18 and 5.3% of those age 65 or over.

