==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 127
|1890= 94
|1920= 83
|1930= 109
|1940= 97
|1950= 64
|1960= 92
|1970= 57
|1980= 50
|1990= 35
|2000= 39
|2010= 18
|2020= 39
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{Cite web |title=U.S. Decennial Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |access-date=June 6, 2013 |publisher=Census.gov}}</ref>
}}

Nikolski first appeared on the 1880 U.S. Census as the unincorporated Aleut village of "Nikolsky."<ref>{{Cite web |date=August 10, 1949 |title=Geological Survey Professional Paper |url=https://books.google.com/books?id=Rr9RAQAAMAAJ&q=nikolski&pg=PA49 |publisher=U.S. Government Printing Office |via=Google Books}}</ref> It had 127 residents, of whom 117 were Aleut, 8 were Creole (Mixed Russian & Native) and 2 were White.<ref>{{Cite web |date=1880 |title=Statistics of the Population of Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1880a_v1-17.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> In 1890, it returned as "Umnak", with 94 residents, of whom 80 were Native and 14 were Creole.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Report on Population and Resources of Alaska at the Eleventh Census: 1890 |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1890a_v8-01.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |publisher=Government Printing Office}}</ref> It did not appear again until 1920, when it again reported as "Umnak." Beginning with the 1930 census and to date, it has reported as Nikolski. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=January 31, 2008 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2000, there were 39 people, 15 households, and 12 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 30.77% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 69.23% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]].

Of the 15 households, 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were married couples living together, 20.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 35.9% under the age of 18, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $40,250. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $11,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,083. There were 23.5% of families and 20.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 13.6% of under eighteens and 55.6% of those over 64.

