==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 450
| 2010 = 454
| 2020 = 495
}}

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 450 people, 178 households, and 134 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|724.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 192 housing units at an average density of {{convert|308.9|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.44% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.78% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.89% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.11% of the population.

There were 178 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.2% were married couples living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.7% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 22.9% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 24.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $35,893, and the median income for a family was $46,875. Males had a median income of $36,071 versus $15,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,142. None of the families and 3.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 5.6% of those over 64.

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 census, there were 495 people, 228 housing units, and 280 families in the CDP. There were 400 [[White Americans|White]] people, 0 [[African Americans]], 17 [[Native Americans in the United States|Native Americans]], 17 [[Asian Americans|Asians]], 14 people from some other race, and 47 people from two or more races. 24 people had [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] origin.<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/River_Road_CDP;_Washington?g=160XX00US5358777 |access-date=2023-05-30 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

The ancestry in River Road was 12.1% [[English Americans|English]], 6.8% [[Irish Americans|Irish]], 5.9% [[German Americans|German]], 2% [[Norwegian Americans|Norwegian]], and 2% [[Scottish Americans|Scottish]].<ref name=":0" />

The median age was 53.9 years old. A total of 24.2% of the population was older than 65, with 12.2% between the ages of 65 and 74, 1.1% between the ages of 75 and 84, and 10.9% older than 85. A total of 16.2% of the population were [[foreign born]].<ref name=":0" />

The median household income was $128,962. A total of 3.3% of the population were under the poverty line, with 6.1% of the population between the ages of 18 and 64 being in poverty.<ref name=":0" />

