==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 576
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 448 people in the town, organized into 149 households and 119 families. The population density was {{convert|57.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 178 housing units at an average density of 23.0/sq&nbsp;mi (8.9/km{{sup|2}}). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 58.48% White, 37.95% African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.00% Asian, 0.00% Pacific Islander, 3.35% from other races, and 0.00% from two or more races. 5.58% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 149 households, out of which 41.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.1% were non-families. 14.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.01 and the average family size was 3.31.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.9% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 33.9% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 7.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.8 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the CDP was $47,000, and the median income for a family was $48,542. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $24,643 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,371. 25.4% of the population and 21.1% of families were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 32.2% of those under the age of 18 and 23.8% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

