==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 203
|1870= 317
|1880= 530
|1890= 633
|1900= 550
|1910= 423
|1920= 360
|1930= 371
|1940= 314
|1950= 254
|1960= 174
|1970= 135
|1980= 132
|1990= 125
|2000= 120
|2010= 124
|2020= 83
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 124 people, 49 households and 33 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|516.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|233.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 4.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 49 households, of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.7% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age was 43.7 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.1% were from 25 to 44; 29.1% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 120 people, 42 households and 33 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|486.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|223.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.83% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.83% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.83% from two or more races.

There were 42 households, of which 42.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.4% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.27.

28.3% of the population were under the age of 18, 11.7% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $28,500 and the median family income was $29,167. Males had a median income of $19,375 compared with $25,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,030. There were no families and 6.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

