==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 98
|1920= 164
|1930= 230
|1940= 270
|1950= 310
|1960= 393
|1970= 421
|1980= 375
|1990= 368
|2000= 354
|2010= 351
|2020= 266
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://web.archive.org/web/20060208103743/http://www.census.gov:80/prod/www/abs/decennial/ U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 354 people, 153 households and 97 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|360.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 162 housing units at an average density of {{convert|165.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 75.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 23.73% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.26% of the population.

There were 153 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.01.

23.2% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 29.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The [[median household income]] was $26,56, and the median family income was $32,000. Males had a median income of $24,583 versus $31,429 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,487. About 15.7% of families and 18.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 44.1% of those under age 18 and 19.6% of those age 65 or over.

The mayor and council members are elected to 4 year terms.Two members of council are elected every two years from 4 year terms.

