==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1840= 244
|1850= 270
|1860= 306
|1870= 281
|1880= 455
|1890= 587
|1900= 732
|1910= 853
|1920= 924
|1930= 983
|1940= 1054
|1950= 1146
|1960= 1322
|1970= 1441
|1980= 1733
|1990= 1925
|2000= 2063
|2010= 2563
|2020= 2635
|estyear=2023
|estimate=2634
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2023"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 2,063 people, 902 households, and 579 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,600.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 936 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,180.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.29% of the population.

There were 902 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.1% were married couples living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 87.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $37,530, and the median income for a family was $46,797. Males had a median income of $42,235 versus $21,995 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $19,801. About 7.5% of families and 6.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.6% of those under age 18 and 6.4% of those age 65 or over.

