==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1880= 341
|1890= 1172
|1900= 1126
|1910= 1311
|1920= 1023
|1930= 1017
|1940= 1057
|1950= 1042
|1960= 1056
|1970= 1175
|1980= 1381
|1990= 1330
|2000= 1354
|2010= 1341
|2020= 1406
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,330 people, 526 households, and 350 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1231.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 615 housing units at an average density of {{convert|569.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 526 households, of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.5% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the city was 38.9 years. 26.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 to 44; 24.4% were from 45 to 64; and 17.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,354 people, 559 households, and 359 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,254.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 635 housing units at an average density of {{convert|588.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.96% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.81% of the population.

There were 559 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.6% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the city the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $34,519. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $20,547 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,531. About 10.7% of families and 16.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.3% of those under age 18 and 18.7% of those age 65 or over.

