==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 25
|1950= 65
|1960= 51
|1970= 53
|1980= 104
|1990= 103
|2000= 88
|2010= 119
|2020= 110
|2020n=<ref name="2020 Census Data"/>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>{{failed verification|date=May 2023|reason=No mention of Gulkana at the given reference}}
}}
Gulkana first appeared on the 1940 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. In 1960, it was reported as Gulkana Reservation (separate from nearby Gulkana Airport, also an unincorporated community, which had a population of 32). In 1970, it was returned again as Gulkana. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

{{update section|date=May 2023|reason=Newer information is available in the 2010 and 2020 census reports}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 88 people, 33 households, and 19 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|2.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 26.14% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 71.59% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 2.27% from two or more races. 1.14% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

Of the 33 households, 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 27.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 30.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.4% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.32.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 35.2% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 8.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $26,875, and the median income for a family was $27,750. Males had a median income of $60,833 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,548. There were 35.3% of families and 40.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 40.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

