==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 914
|2000= 970
|2010= 846
|2020= 943
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
 
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 970 people, 205 households, and 168 families residing in the CDP. 
The population density was {{convert|481.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 219 housing units at an average density of {{convert|108.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.13% of the population.

There were 205 households, out of which 53.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 34.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.6% were non-families. 13.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 4.46 and the average family size was 4.88.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 45.4% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 11.5% from 45 to 64, and 3.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $26,750, and the median income for a family was $27,000. Males had a median income of $21,953 versus $13,710 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,415.  About 42.1% of families and 35.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 43.2% of those under age 18 and 17.4% of those age 65 or over.

