==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 928
|1930= 1464
|1940= 1534
|1950= 1618
|1960= 2025
|1970= 2020
|1980= 2321
|1990= 2307
|2000= 2324
|2010= 2112
|2020= 2113
|estyear=2023
|estimate=2103
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,112 people, 816 households, and 581 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|947.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 862 housing units at an average density of {{convert|386.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 816 households, of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.8% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the village was 42.9 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 20.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,324&nbsp;people, 855 households, and 630 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,146.5&nbsp;people per square mile (442.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 904 housing units at an average density of {{convert|446.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.04% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.52% of the population.

There were 855 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 38&nbsp;years. For every 100 females there were 94.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,853, and the median income for a family was $42,200. Males had a median income of $34,798 versus $20,769 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,614. About 6.0% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.6% of those under age 18 and 8.0% of those age 65 or over.

