==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 223
|1920= 253
|1930= 244
|1940= 188
|1950= 224
|1960= 173
|1970= 192
|1980= 254
|1990= 204
|2000= 231
|2010= 195
|2020= 186
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 195 people, 85 households, and 51 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|423.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|221.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 85 households, of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.0% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 43.9 years. 20.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 27.7% were from 45 to 64; and 21.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 231 people, 102 households, and 62 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|502.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|260.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.16% from two or more races.

There were 102 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.2% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 18.2% from 25 to 44, 29.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,429, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $17,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,155. About 4.7% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 22.2% of those sixty-five or over.

