==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 1492
|2010= 2472
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=2613}}
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''The Hills racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4872578&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 24, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|2,141
|81.94%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|39
|1.49%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|8
|0.31%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|70
|2.68%
|-
|Some other race (NH)
|9
|0.34%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/multi-racial]] (NH)
|148
|5.66%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|198
|7.58%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''2,613'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 2,613 people, 1,012 households, and 821 families residing in the village.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,492 people, 585 households, and 503 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,400.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 657 housing units at an average density of {{convert|616.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.67% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.21% of the population.

There were 585 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 82.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.0% were non-families. 12.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 33.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $114,861, and the median income for a family was $126,252. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $41,964 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $61,363. About 2.8% of families and 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.6% of those under age 18 and 2.5% of those age 65 or over.

