==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 346
|1890= 474
|1900= 760
|1910= 511
|1920= 514
|1930= 565
|1940= 543
|1950= 581
|1960= 674
|1970= 702
|1980= 757
|1990= 955
|2000= 706
|2010= 1302
|2020= 1339
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wiki table"
|+Byhalia Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2810060&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 7, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|624
|46.6%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|595
|44.44%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|6
|0.45%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|3
|0.22%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|45
|2.39%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|79
|5.9%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,440 people, 680 households, and 470 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 1,302 people living in the town. 51.4% were [[White American|White]], 44.9% [[African American|Black or African American]], 1.7% of some other race and 2.1% [[Multiracial American|of two or more races]]. 4.0% were [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (of any race).

===2000 census===
The following demographic information is based on 2000 Census information; however, the population of Byhalia has significantly increased in recent years due to immigration and a 2005 annexation of adjacent area. The population in 2007 was estimated at over 2,000.<ref>Town of Byhalia General Development Plan, Working Draft, p. 13, August 18, 2008. http://www.gobyhalia.com/images/stories/townofbyhalia.pdf {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20110711103258/http://www.gobyhalia.com/images/stories/townofbyhalia.pdf |date=July 11, 2011 }}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 706 people, 275 households, and 188 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|246.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 306 housing units at an average density of {{convert|107.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 60.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 35.69% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.12% of the population.

There were 275 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,618, and the median income for a family was $35,313. Males had a median income of $34,375 versus $19,219 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,156. About 25.0% of families and 26.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.2% of those under age 18 and 39.2% of those age 65 or over.

