==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1920= 284
|1930= 438
|1940= 628
|1950= 860
|1960= 2161
|1970= 2916
|1980= 2742
|1990= 2477
|2000= 2786
|2010= 2675
|2020= 2712
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2010,  2,675 people, 872 households, and 762 families were residing in the village.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 23, 2015|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 636.9 people/sq mi (243.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The 934 housing units had an average density of 222.4/sq mi (84.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race (United States Census)|racial makeup]] of the village was 88.6% [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 8.2% [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Other races (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanics]] or [[Latinos (U.S. Census)|Latinos]] of any race were 4.7% of the population.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 872 households,  38.3% had children under 18 living with them, 80.6% were married couples living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 12.6% were not families. About 10.4% of the households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.03, and the average family size was 3.21.<ref name="GR2" />

In the village, the age distribution was 26.4% under 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 15.4% from 25 to 44, 34.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 or older. The median age was 45.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.4 males.<ref name="GR2" />

As of 2018, the median income for a household in the village was $231,667, with it being named the richest town in New York.<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://patch.com/new-york/portwashington/long-island-village-richest-town-new-york-state|title=This Long Island Village is the Richest Town in New York State|date=June 1, 2018|website=Port Washington, NY Patch}}</ref> Males had a median income of $158,500 versus $44,943 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $112,716. None of the families and 0.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none under age 18 or 65 or over.<ref name="GR2" />

