==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 324
|1940= 300
|1950= 210
|1960= 190
|1970= 166
|1980= 151
|1990= 138
|2000= 133
|2010= 97
|2020= 92
|estyear=2022
|estimate=92
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 18, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 18, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 31, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 97 people, 46 households, and 27 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|231.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|135.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 46 households, of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.3% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the city was 41.5 years. 22.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 133 people, 51 households, and 36 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|330.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|154.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.75% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.50% from two or more races.

There were 51 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.5% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.1% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 15.8% from 45 to 64, and 22.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,875, and the median income for a family was $36,750. Males had a median income of $27,188 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,903. There were 2.3% of families and 4.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 4.7% of under eighteens and 9.5% of those over 64.

