==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 213
|1890= 571
|1900= 628
|1910= 780
|1920= 881
|1930= 810
|1940= 948
|1950= 1005
|1960= 997
|1970= 1035
|1980= 1247
|1990= 1089
|2000= 1187
|2010= 1045
|2020= 966
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,045 people, 454 households, and 296 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1607.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 494 housing units at an average density of {{convert|760.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 454 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.8% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the town was 44.1 years. 23% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 30.7% were from 45 to 64; and 18.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,187 people, 458 households, and 315 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,788.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 490 housing units at an average density of {{convert|738.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.51% from two or more races.

There were 458 households, out of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.2% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,604, and the median income for a family was $48,417. Males had a median income of $34,444 versus $22,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,815. About 2.8% of families and 5.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.5% of those under age 18 and 5.0% of those age 65 or over.

