==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 657
|1900= 495
|1910= 504
|1920= 500
|1930= 502
|1940= 548
|1950= 567
|1960= 566
|1970= 480
|1980= 472
|1990= 421
|2000= 414
|2010= 371
|2020= 379
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 414 people, 173 households, and 119 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,323.8|PD/sqmi}}. There were 186 housing units at an average density of {{convert|594.7|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 99.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.42% of the population.

There were 173 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.2% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 84.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $27,639, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $31,125 versus $20,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,376. About 9.4% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.0% of those under age 18 and 21.3% of those age 65 or over.

