==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 355
|1920= 354
|1930= 326
|1940= 341
|1950= 352
|1960= 305
|1970= 311
|1980= 336
|1990= 309
|2000= 315
|2010= 307
|2020= 289
|estyear=2021
|estimate=287
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 19, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 19, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 12, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 307 people, 124 households, and 82 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|930.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 143 housing units at an average density of {{convert|433.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.1% of the population.

There were 124 households, of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.9% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the city was 37.3 years. 27.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.7% were from 45 to 64; and 13.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 315 people, 120 households, and 84 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,112.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|490.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.59% [[Native American (U.S.)|Native American]] and 2.86% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.44% of the population.

There were 120 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.24.

The city's age distribution was 31.1% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 8.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city of Hendrum was $35,000, and the median income for a family was $44,167. Males had a median income of $32,000 versus $21,458 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,530.  About 6.3% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.7% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.

