==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 419
|2010= 420
|2020= 460
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://web.archive.org/web/20060208103743/http://www.census.gov:80/prod/www/abs/decennial/ U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 460 people and 84 households in the CDP.{{refn|name=USCBP1|{{Cite web |title=P1: RACE - Census Bureau Table |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/ |access-date=2022-06-29 |website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |language=en-US}}}} The [[population density]] was {{convert|117.9|sqmi||abbr=on|disp=preunit|people/}}. There were 87 housing units (84 occupied) at an average density of {{convert|22.2|sqmi||abbr=on|disp=preunit|per }}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 0.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 98.91% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.52% of the population.

===2010===
As of the census of 2010, there were 420 people living in the CDP.{{r|USCBP1}}

===2000===
As of the census{{refn|{{Cite web |title=DP1: Census Bureau Table |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=2000%20census&text=DP&g=1600000US4600900&tid=DECENNIALDPSF42000.DP1 |access-date=2022-06-29 |website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |language=en-US}}}} of 2000, there were 419 people, 80 households, and 70 families living in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|106.8|sqmi||abbr=on|disp=preunit|people/}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|22.2|sqmi||abbr=on|disp=preunit|per }}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 4.30% White, 94.03% Native American, and 1.67% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.43% of the population.

There were 80 households, out of which 62.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 21.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 50.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 12.5% were non-families. 10.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 5.24 and the average family size was 5.51.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 50.4% under the age of 18, 13.8% from 18 to 24, 21.5% from 25 to 44, 12.2% from 45 to 64, and 2.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 18 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $7,578, and the median income for a family was $3,819. Males had a median income of $0 versus $12,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $1,539. About 95.9% of families and 96.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 97.1% of those under age 18 and 100.0% of those age 65 or over.

