==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 395
|2020= 383
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://webarchive.loc.gov/all/20150112190311/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/searchresults.xhtml?refresh=t 2010 U.S. Census]
}}

At the town's peak, the population reached 2,000 people and had over 400 single-family homes. Ryderwood was large enough to have its own hospital.<ref name="TTWT"/>

===2010 Census===
At the 2010 census,<ref name=census>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |title=U.S. Census website |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]  |date=2011 |accessdate=June 6, 2014}}</ref> there were 395 people, 221 households and 134 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|2,453.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 266 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,652.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial make-up of the CDP was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 221 households, of which 5.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were married couples living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present and 39.4% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.79 and the average family size was 2.15.

2.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 0.8% from 18 to 24, 2.5% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64 and 69.9% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 68.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.2 males.

