==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 243
|1910= 389
|1920= 618
|1930= 895
|1940= 836
|1950= 889
|1960= 982
|1970= 1771
|1980= 1966
|1990= 2062
|2000= 2174
|2010= 2220
|2020= 2373
|footnote=Source:<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 25, 2013}}</ref>
}}

The village has a notable [[Amish]] community which is part of the greater [[Holmes County, Ohio|Holmes County]] Amish settlement. Sugarcreek supports a [[Swiss Americans|Swiss heritage]] and Amish centered tourism industry, is the headquarters of [[The Budget (Ohio newspaper)|The Budget]] weekly newspaper, the most important Amish newspaper, and has several large production facilities of the [[Belden Brick Company]].

86.6% spoke [[American English|English]], 11.4% [[German language in the United States|German]], including [[Pennsylvania Dutch language|Pennsylvania German]], and 2.0% "[[Pennsylvania Dutch language|Dutch]]", which in this case means Pennsylvania Dutch.<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://www.mla.org/map_data_results&state_id=39&place_id=75210&cty_id=|title = Data Center Results}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the 2010 census,<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> there were 2,220 people, 904 households, and 652 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|585.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 967 housing units at an average density of {{convert|255.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 904 households, of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.9% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the village was 40 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 17.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,174 people, 873 households, and 639 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|572.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 923 housing units at an average density of {{convert|242.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.46% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.05% of the population.

There were 873 households, out of which 33.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 95.3 males. For every 100 women age 18 and over, there were 91.0 men.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,360, and the median income for a family was $43,707. Males had a median income of $32,068 versus $19,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,107. About 6.8% of families and 7.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.3% of those under age 18 and 10.2% of those age 65 or over.

