==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 138
|1920= 286
|1930= 304
|1940= 501
|1950= 804
|1960= 720
|1970= 727
|1980= 934
|1990= 881
|2000= 794
|2010= 760
|2020= 710
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 760 people, 331 households, and 189 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|496.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 399 housing units at an average density of {{convert|260.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 331 households, of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 39.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 47.5 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 24.8% were from 45 to 64; and 27.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.4% male and 54.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 794 people, 340 households, and 199 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|522.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 394 housing units at an average density of {{convert|259.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.38% of the population. 47.5% were of [[norwegians|Norwegian]], 19.9% [[swedish people|Swedish]] and 9.9% [[germans|German]] ancestry.

There were 340 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 27.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45. For every 100 females, there were 85.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,208, and the median income for a family was $35,469. Males had a median income of $29,444 versus $20,893 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,274. About 9.2% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.4% of those under age 18 and 15.3% of those age 65 or over.

