==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 467
|1920= 697
|1930= 559
|1940= 545
|1950= 446
|1960= 588
|1970= 729
|1980= 837
|1990= 730
|2000= 838
|2010= 822
|2020= 912
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of [[2000 United States census|2000]], there were 838 people, 381 households, and 235 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|858.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 426 housing units at an average density of {{convert|436.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 63.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 32.70% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.52% of the population.

There were 381 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,458, and the median income for a family was $26,488. Males had a median income of $23,182 versus $19,886 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,717. About 21.4% of families and 21.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.3% of those under age 18 and 23.5% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear left}}

