==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 112
|1910= 215
|1920= 253
|1930= 177
|1940= 184
|1950= 162
|1960= 132
|1970= 136
|1980= 152
|1990= 98
|2000= 108
|2010= 97
|2020= 103
|estyear=2022
|estimate=101
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 25, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 25, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 97 people, 40 households, and 28 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|131.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|60.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 40 households, of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the city was 41.5 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.8% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 14.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.6% male and 47.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 108 people, 43 households, and 31 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|153.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|66.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 43 households, out of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.9% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.7% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $44,000, and the median income for a family was $45,938. Males had a median income of $38,000 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $23,452. There were no families and 4.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 23.5% of those over 64.

