==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 121
|1890= 324
|1910= 388
|1920= 402
|1930= 760
|1940= 883
|1950= 1063
|1960= 900
|1970= 1314
|1980= 1335
|1990= 1402
|2000= 1463
|2010= 1445
|2020= 1369
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Gleason racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4729300&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 8, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|1,295
|94.59%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|13
|0.95%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|7
|0.51%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|35
|2.56%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|19
|1.39%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,369 people, 604 households, and 394 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,463 people, 599 households, and 431 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|640.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 657 housing units at an average density of {{convert|287.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.37% of the population.

There were 599 households, out of which 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.9% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,597, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $26,397 versus $19,643 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,747. About 13.6% of families and 15.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.4% of those under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over.

