==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 1786
|1910= 2084
|1920= 2031
|1930= 1909
|1940= 1790
|1950= 1622
|1960= 1321
|1970= 1194
|1980= 1132
|1990= 1018
|2000= 939
|2010= 1044
|2020= 965
|estyear=2021
|estimate=993
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,044 people, 457 households, and 301 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{cvt|2130.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 494 housing units at an average density of {{cvt|1008.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 457 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.1% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the town was 42 years. 19.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.6% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 18.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 939 people, 406 households, and 263 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,977.0 inhabitants per square mile (771.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 443 housing units at an average density of 932.7 per square mile (363.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 91.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.64% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.32% of the population.

There were 406 households, out of which 24.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.0% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,750, and the median income for a family was $33,000. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $19,722 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,079. About 12.2% of families and 15.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.9% of those under age 18 and 17.0% of those age 65 or over.

