==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 388
|1990= 365
|2000= 302
|2010= 346
|2020= 424
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 346 people, 100 households, and 80 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|617.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|208.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 2.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 92.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.5% of the population.

There were 100 households, of which 59.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 35.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 13.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.0% were non-families. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.46 and the average family size was 3.94.

The median age in the village was 21.8 years. 45.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.2% were from 25 to 44; 14.5% were from 45 to 64; and 3.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 302 people, 98 households, and 64 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|536.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|206.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 7.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 89.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.66% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.99% of the population.

There were 98 households, out of which 42.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 20.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 35.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.08 and the average family size was 3.71.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 45.0% under the age of 18, 11.6% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 13.2% from 45 to 64, and 5.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.4 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $16,250, and the median income for a family was $17,813. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $7,879. About 47.5% of families and 45.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 44.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 53.8% of those 65 or over.

