==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 8704
|2000= 7914
|2010= 8384
|2020= 7737
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/glensidecdppennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022|archive-date=November 9, 2022|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20221109154513/https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], the CDP was 91.0% White, 5.3% Black or African American, 1.0% Asian, and 1.6% were two or more races.

As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], the CDP was 85.4% White, 7.2% Black or African American, 0.2% Native American, 2.8% Asian, 1.0% were Some Other Race, and 1.7% were two or more races. 2.9% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>[https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA#locality-tab Census 2010: Pennsylvania] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20120215053518/http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA#locality-tab |date=February 15, 2012 }}. Usatoday.Com. Retrieved on 2013-07-21.</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=July 9, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 7,914 people, 3,103 households, and 2,013 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|6,217.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,181 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,499.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.66% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.02% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.03% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.96% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.44% of the population.

There were 3,103 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $58,868, and the median income for a family was $74,025. Males had a median income of $48,378 versus $35,629 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,393. About 1.6% of families and 3.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.4% of those under age 18 and 3.6% of those age 65 or over.

