==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 236
|1920= 246
|1930= 166
|1940= 225
|1950= 202
|1960= 232
|1970= 237
|1980= 507
|1990= 619
|2000= 500
|2010= 532
|2020= 1047
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1132
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 25, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 14, 2023}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 13, 2016}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 1,047 people, 474 households.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 532 people, 233 households, and 144 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1156.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 256 housing units at an average density of {{convert|556.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 233 households, of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.2% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the town was 33.8 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 7.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.0% male and 47.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 500 people, 205 households, and 136 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,090.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 221 housing units at an average density of {{convert|482.0|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.60% from two or more races.

There were 205 households, out of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.2% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 11.8% from 18 to 24, 32.0% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 9.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,456, and the median income for a family was $43,500. Males had a median income of $26,953 versus $20,089 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,819. None of the families and 2.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 8.8% of those over 64.

