==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1900 = 169
| 1910 = 172
| 1920 = 164
| 1930 = 240
| 1940 = 63
| 1950 = 138
| 1960 = 143
| 1970 = 114
| 1980 = 146
| 1990 = 134
| 2000 = 142
| 2010 = 173
| 2020 = 135
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/ |access-date=January 31, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 142 people, 47 households, and 38 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 26.7 people per square mile (10.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 59 housing units at an average density of 11.1 per square mile (4.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.70% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.70% of the population.

There were 47 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 19.1% were non-families. 19.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.02 and the average family size was 3.50.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $27,083. Males had a median income of $16,667 versus $16,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,492. There were 22.0% of families and 32.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 51.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

