==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 757
|1890= 571
|1900= 507
|1910= 533
|1920= 410
|1930= 503
|1940= 517
|1950= 724
|1960= 706
|1970= 883
|1980= 839
|1990= 815
|2000= 737
|2010= 664
|2020= 622
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===

As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 664 people, 338 households, and 168 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|644.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 724 housing units at an average density of {{convert|702.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 338 households, of which 16.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.3% were non-families. 43.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.91 and the average family size was 2.59.

The median age in the village was 55.4 years. 14.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.1% were from 25 to 44; 34.8% were from 45 to 64; and 30.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 737 people, 370 households, and 206 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|733.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 622 housing units at an average density of {{convert|619.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 97.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.68% of the population.

There were 370 households, out of which 16.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.3% were non-families. 41.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.58.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 15.5% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 17.9% from 25 to 44, 31.6% from 45 to 64, and 30.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,643, and the median income for a family was $38,000. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,480.  About 12.2% of families and 14.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.3% of those under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over.

