==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 182
|1930= 208
|1940= 323
|1950= 379
|1960= 326
|1970= 294
|1980= 271
|1990= 239
|2000= 210
|2010= 197
|2020= 217
|estyear=2022
|estimate=216
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 28, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 28, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 197 people, 89 households, and 52 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|187.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 89 households, of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.6% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the city was 40.3 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 210 people, 88 households, and 54 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|167.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 100 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.48% of the population.

There were 88 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,625, and the median income for a family was $34,444. Males had a median income of $30,250 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,453. About 5.2% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.4% of those 65 or over.

