==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 177
| 1890 = 327
| 1900 = 383
| 1910 = 471
| 1920 = 366
| 1930 = 333
| 1940 = 393
| 1950 = 345
| 1960 = 305
| 1970 = 354
| 1980 = 556
| 1990 = 632
| 2000 = 714
| 2010 = 762
| 2020 = 694
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 704
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Quitman racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0557950&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 31, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 634
| 91.35%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 4
| 0.58%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 4
| 0.58%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.14%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 37
| 5.33%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 14
| 2.02%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 694 people, 311 households, and 218 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 714 people in 316 households, including 204 families, in the city.  The population density was {{convert|378.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 358 housing units at an average density of {{convert|189.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 98.88% White, 1.04% Native American, 0.14% Asian, and 0.84% from two or more races.  0.42% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref>
Of the 316 households 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were married couples living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. 32.6% of households were one person and 20.6% were one person aged 65 or older.  The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.84.

The age distribution was 25.6% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 17.9% from 45 to 64, and 21.8% 65 or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.6 males.

The median household income was $24,375 and the median family income  was $31,964. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $18,047 for females. The per capita income for the city was $15,537.  About 11.8% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.2% of those under age 18 and 23.2% of those age 65 or over.

